ID	4	Layin n bed with a headache  ughhhh...waitin on your call...
ID	4	Funeral ceremony...gloomy friday...
ID	3	wants to hang out with friends SOON!
ID	2	Re-pinging @ghostridah14: why didn't you go to prom? BC my bf didn't like my friends
ID	4	I should be sleep, but im not! thinking about an old friend who I want. but he's married now. damn, &amp; he wants me 2! scandalous!
ID	2	Hmmm. http://www.djhero.com/ is down
ID	4	@charviray Charlene my love. I miss you
ID	4	@kelcouch I'm sorry  at least it's Friday?
ID	2	Choked on her retainers
ID	4	Ugh! I have to beat this stupid song to get to the next  rude!
ID	4	@BrodyJenner if u watch the hills in london u will realise what tourture it is because were weeks and weeks late  i just watch itonlinelol
ID	4	The storm is here and the electricity is gone
ID	3	@annarosekerr agreed
ID	4	So sleepy again and it's not even that late. I fail once again.
ID	2	@PerezHilton lady gaga tweeted about not being impressed by her video leaking just so you know
ID	4	How are YOU convinced that I have always wanted you? What signals did I give off...damn I think I just lost another friend
ID	2	@raaaaaaek oh too bad! I hope it gets better. I've been having sleep issues lately too
ID	3	Wondering why I'm awake at 7am,writing a new song,plotting my evil secret plots muahahaha...oh damn it,not secret anymore
ID	2	I ate Something I don't know what it is... Why do I keep Telling things about food
ID	4	so tired and i think i'm definitely going to get an ear infection.  going to bed &quot;early&quot; for once.
ID	2	On my way home n having 2 deal w underage girls drinking gin on da bus while talking bout keggers......damn i feel old
ID	4	@IsaacMascote  i'm sorry people are so rude to you, isaac, they should get some manners and know better than to be so lewd!
ID	2	Damm servers still down  i need to hit 80 before all the koxpers pass me
ID	4	Fudge.... Just BS'd that whole paper.... So tired.... Ugh I hate school.....  time to sleep!!!!!!!!!!!
ID	2	I HATE CANCER. I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT.
ID	0	It is so annoying when she starts typing on her computer in the middle of the night!
ID	1	It is so annoying when she starts typing on her computer in the middle of the night!
ID	4	@ether_radio yeah :S i feel all funny cause i haven't slept enough  i woke my mum up cause i was singing she's not impressed :S you?
ID	2	I need skott right now
ID	3	mmm much better day... so far! it's still quite early. last day of #uds
ID	3	@DavidArchie &lt;3 your gonna be the first  twitter ;) cause your amazing lol. come to canada  would do anything to see you perform
ID	2	just picked up her Blackberry from the middle of the street! Both she and it are crushed!
ID	2	Why do I have the feeling I should be packing and hitting for SFO around this time of the year? I think I'm missing something...
ID	2	Bed!!!!!... its time,..... hope i go to school tomorrow, all though i don't feel very well right now
ID	2	@onscrn Ahh.  ... Well, I was hoping that I could learn some stuff on the way. ... Why not you and I work on separate things but also
ID	4	I'm having a problem with my photo here in twitter amf!!!...can't see my face!
ID	2	why am i so tired?
ID	2	sucks not being able to take days off of work or have the money to take the trip  so sad
ID	3	bed...sorta. today was good, sara has strep thought Angelina does to; i shared a water with her B4 they told me, i will prob get it to
ID	4	@maternitytees Aww  Onward and upwards now, yay! Still sad to leave I bet.
ID	2	@itsgabbith at once haha.  poor aby still gets sore!
ID	4	diesel yaris... 70mpg  so sad its not available in the US. That'd be awesome.
ID	4	I want to buy this great album but unfortunately i dont hav enuff funds  its &quot;long time noisy&quot;
ID	4	@Pokinatcha  in all honesty...pain   blech.
ID	4	Ok ... the passengers ... no one is alive ... they're all dead ... you just don't know it til the end ... then you cry ...
ID	2	@DavidCookLove ia so much! i haven't really been happy with any of cooks choices for singles.
ID	4	@vincew @stefanyngo  i fell asleep on the beach and didn't put on enough sunscreen  lol
ID	2	So i think my son might have the flu cause I def. just cleaned up a stanky puke mess  Poor pumkpin
ID	3	So great to see Oin &amp; Cynthia.  So happy.  Dinner was great, cute little place.  Too bad Oin got sick afterwards.
ID	2	...and all woman who transfer their first impressions (sexual/maternal) onto a less 'threatening' man -- are themselves as weak as 'Him'
ID	2	Bitten to blood by my cat, on my way for a rabies bacterin. Seems 7 shots for 2 months. Never wash my cats at home again, they hate water
ID	3	@havingmysay  dude, that is my favorite sandwich place ever. ummm did you take PICTURES?
ID	2	is sad that shin ae got married...and it wasn't to alex
ID	2	@shondarhimes Sure you will tweet about this when you're back, but news is abuzz about TR Knight's leaving &quot;confirmed&quot; today.  Muy triste.
ID	4	@RachelLock22 ohh thursday i have exams.. all day  what about wednesday ?
ID	4	@gcrush @nopantsdance i was just thinking about how excited i am for you guys to move, but then i realized how sad i am to see you go.
ID	2	goooood mooorning people... sun is out.. definitly spring now, we had our first spring hail storm, my car has dimples now..
ID	4	@artfuldodga I love those 'it'sakey' USB sticks. We only have the 4GB in Australia
ID	2	fresh prince and sleepy sleeps my nightly routine  gotta go to Dmv early tmrw
ID	0	dammit! hulu desktop has totally screwed up my ability to talk to a particular port on one of our dev servers. so i can't watch and code
ID	1	dammit! hulu desktop has totally screwed up my ability to talk to a particular port on one of our dev servers. so i can't watch and code
ID	2	@emmarler i am jealous of your mom talking to @taylorswift13. i want to see you all our twittering is making me miss you
ID	2	I can't sleep...I keep thinking about the puppy I played with today
ID	2	.. I'm suppposed to be sleep. But i got some much to do. &amp; i got that one part of the song stuck in my head &quot;your a jerk (iknow)&quot;  blaahh
ID	2	Last one month due to summer, strawberry is not availble in the Chennai markets!
ID	3	@RobertF3 correct! I ADORE him. I just plucked him up and put him under my arm cuz he was cryin.  All better now! Hahaha
ID	4	@sweeetnspicy hiii im on my ipod...i cant fall asleep
ID	4	dont wanna work 11-830 tomorrow  but i get paid
ID	4	feels sad coz i wasnt able to play with the guys!!!  http://plurk.com/p/wxiux
ID	0	@ cayogial i wanted to come to BZ this summer :/ not so sure anymore... a teacher's life in the summer SUCKS
ID	1	@ cayogial i wanted to come to BZ this summer :/ not so sure anymore... a teacher's life in the summer SUCKS
ID	2	First ever dropped call on my mobile. On a call to @Telstra no less! ( being charged for data even though I have a data pack  )
ID	0	@mrgenius23 You win ... SIGH Rakeem
ID	1	@mrgenius23 You win ... SIGH Rakeem
ID	4	Darn these allergies! I don't like this time of year because of this! I never used to have this problem either
ID	2	Oh no one minute too late! Oh well
ID	0	@soviet_star Damn, that sucks
ID	1	@soviet_star Damn, that sucks
ID	4	@cayogial i wanted to come to BZ this summer :/ not so sure anymore... a teacher's life in the summer SUCKS
ID	0	@mileycyrus THIS WEBSITE GAVE ME A VIRUS! When i opened it more windows kept POPPING up
ID	1	@mileycyrus THIS WEBSITE GAVE ME A VIRUS! When i opened it more windows kept POPPING up
ID	2	ahh! big scary bug flying around my room!!!!!
ID	4	I wish she knew what she puts me through..She stole my heart, never gave it back..and occasionally she likes to be like look what I have!
ID	2	is up with a nasty cough i cant be sick i have a huge weekend ahead of me
ID	4	@neesabear early happy day of birth in case I don't make it! Very tired from therapy today n just taking my medicine!  misshu! Love ya!
ID	4	Allergies suck ducks nuts.     &lt;=====8@8=====&gt;
ID	0	@IamYeTe Waraku is tasteless and expensive! Portion is so little!!!!!  re: waraku
ID	1	@IamYeTe Waraku is tasteless and expensive! Portion is so little!!!!!  re: waraku
ID	3	@freepbx sounds good. Appreciate the suggestion. Been a week now and we're still offline  Time to ask for a refund...
ID	2	@poinktoinkdoink He died.  Wait, what about Magic Jack? I just read it.
ID	0	@britblackbird  youstinkatrespondingtotexts!
ID	1	@britblackbird  youstinkatrespondingtotexts!
ID	4	wonders why her Karma points turned into 0.00.  http://plurk.com/p/wxj54
ID	3	Need to pack for CALI CALI! Cannot waittt! Thinking a glass of wine is in order to celebrate my weekend vaca. Still work 2morrow, tho.
ID	4	Is miserable  i feel like im gona cry  sux!
ID	2	$#@! My nose stud fell out and I can't find it  Looks like I'll have to head into Amsterdam today and get a new one
ID	3	Pats in philly at 2 am. I love it. Mmm cheesesteak.  Miss my boyfriend   but I love vacation.
ID	4	*sigh* I'm going to bed... I just don't feel right anymore...
ID	4	Now I am depressed after watching so you think you can dance
ID	4	Just cross 'cause I'm stuck twiddling my thumbs now, ugh
ID	2	I cant sleep, but im too sore to move
ID	2	Achieving a new appreciation on how a xml build script can really be painful and cumbersome
ID	2	@omfgiselle i cant do anything
ID	3	I'm at work
ID	3	RIP leonardo. You were a great mini fiddler crab
ID	4	Last day working for the Uni today, sad times
ID	3	@NisforNeemah thanks neemah. I'm gonna be soooo close to you and izzy, yet so far
ID	2	My head hurts so bad I could scream!
ID	2	i just go up and IM SO TIRED and my airmatras is broken somewhere and now im in even more pain
ID	2	New work wellness challenge not going well.  I committed to not check email between 10 pm and 6 am.  Failed on first day.  Twice
ID	2	New blog post: [Blog] auto insuran...: I just found that my auto insurance policy had been expired. ( I am too careless  ...) .. Meanw ...
ID	2	oh men!!!!!!......I really can't see my face........c'mon guys!!!
ID	2	I'm showing my age. Renewed my tags last week, went down $20. Got my insurance renewal email today, went down $100. I don't wanna be old
ID	2	my sole supporter is not my sole supporter
ID	0	don't you hate it when you finish all your work and there's still 1.25 hours left of work time
ID	1	don't you hate it when you finish all your work and there's still 1.25 hours left of work time
ID	2	@Emilyyy16 urgh stop it guys
ID	4	is still missing her husband.    I really want him home.
ID	4	I miss my puppy
ID	3	@IdleThumbs Up is out?  I didn't get the memo   It looks amazing.
ID	4	@nzdeany I've given up on pizza - kids would never let me have my fav  (the hot ones)
ID	2	Up reading tabloids about other people's lives...thinking what I'm gonna do with mine when my baby leaves?
ID	4	@BarbSchaefer yearling in pet home died... very sad for their whole family
ID	2	I got a giant splinter stuck up underneath my finger nail today at Muppets...it hurt.  But I got to go to First Aid for the first time!
ID	4	@heresmyhello92 We hate change, so of course. We're fans for life. &lt;3 Oh and if we haven't met Rob by then something went horribly wrong.
ID	2	is feeling sad... for some reason..  http://plurk.com/p/wxji3
ID	4	well fuck- this new pain med has an odd warning that actually applies to me. i can't take this. -chan is displeased.
ID	4	just uploaded my new blog... a painful story about an 80s year old man who cried because he wanted to die... very sad
ID	2	@jaychuck Its so addicting, but its kind of a curse to do them at night time. Everytime i do one, i feel like making music afterwards
ID	3	@relly1  OMG Ur alive!!! LOL  2day has gone sooo slow  I'm going insane Grrr You doing anything tonight?
ID	3	@JessiJaeJoplin did you get them from california vintage? ahahah they have the BEST dresses, i want them but i dont have ebay
ID	4	I just saw pics from this past Thanksgiving and am sad because Grandma was in them.
ID	2	@jertronic it wont let me
ID	4	Took a shift tomorrow.    I don't really feel like working right now.
ID	4	but now i have no money for a phone
ID	2	Spent last night in A&amp;E (ER). Wife tangled wheels with Daughter &amp; hit the deck. Dislocation &amp; fracture resulted.
ID	2	@TheLastDoctor 9 days  I'm about ready to visit Torchwood and see if they've heard anything
ID	4	Too bad the Red Devils.. disappointing to say the least
ID	4	@xdjio Have a 3ware 9650SE, not fast enough for 3x X25-M SSD RAID5. 800Mhz IOP on the HPT. Might try an Adaptec 5405 (1.2Ghz).
ID	2	Ate Mandy, please forgive me. I really am sorry. I don't wanna lose my Bff
ID	0	@melluffsyew Umm yeah. That's probably a pretty good note to self because eeeeeewwwwwwww.
ID	1	@melluffsyew Umm yeah. That's probably a pretty good note to self because eeeeeewwwwwwww.
ID	2	why are plane tickets so expensive
ID	3	(@wendyisastar) @melluffsyew Umm yeah. That's probably a pretty good note to self because eeeeeewwwwwwww.
ID	2	Needs a job BADLY!!!
ID	4	@AlexanderGWhite daaammmnnnnn I do wish I was there.
ID	2	Went to Di Bella coffee roasters today and asked for a job...   The person I needed to speak to is on holiday...  #fb
ID	4	@yuki_hime I played up until the latter parts of the voodoo village part co-op until I lost my usual partner
ID	4	is a bad friend
ID	0	@SparkDawgMusic im doing that shit right now ... im on vacation and you got me workin
ID	1	@SparkDawgMusic im doing that shit right now ... im on vacation and you got me workin
ID	0	would wish the severe migrains would stop!!! doc's prescriptions arent working
ID	1	would wish the severe migrains would stop!!! doc's prescriptions arent working
ID	3	@bobbyedner i missed the game
ID	4	@moggy99 No internet last night; ER was brill, there was a massive explosion at the end of a nearby gas works ER on standby
ID	0	@tiffalo cuz airlines are super lame.
ID	1	@tiffalo cuz airlines are super lame.
ID	4	@lenje - Still a pity it comes with no lamb though
ID	4	@bloomsday16  I'm sorry to hear that. Here is my optimist: Things will get better. For all of us.
ID	3	is done painting all the bedroom furniture, I still have to do the table but it will wait until after the move. Uggh moving in the heat
ID	0	I'm so very tired...and have insomnia.
ID	1	I'm so very tired...and have insomnia.
ID	0	I hate Bakersfield and I hate the Ports, let me go home already.  I want to start my vacation.
ID	1	I hate Bakersfield and I hate the Ports, let me go home already.  I want to start my vacation.
ID	2	people in my house do not know how to close doors
ID	2	@munchkinhugs I don't like the possibility of the left side of my brain hurting because of the thing called a VP shunt and possible death
ID	4	Had to cancel wow for now
ID	2	wants to make a music profile but i don't have money i don't know how to write music i don't know how to play an instrument and no studio
ID	4	@fairyfroggie But yeah...I'm sad about my &quot;Ravenclaw&quot; account. I love that account to bits.
ID	2	It's 1:15 AM, and I hear a helicopter flying over my house. That's kind of weird. In other news, my headache is back. BOOOOO.
ID	2	@__sugar oh no  i am always here ;) &lt;3
ID	3	took a math test today. The day before the test, the teacher says bring your calculator. Luke was confident. Teacher decided no calcs.
ID	3	omg, the concert was awesome, madrigals gave me chills on almost every piece...brooks also called up alumni, but i didnt get to go
ID	4	Up late with nothin 2 do.....
ID	2	i think the vog is making me sicker than i think. feeling slightly achy
ID	2	i am doing homework it sux big time maths is the worst!!!!!!
ID	4	sometimes i wish things could go back to the way they were the beginning of last summer
ID	2	I downloaded the new twitterfon update thinking they were fixing the typing problem for new tweets, but no, they didn't
ID	4	@kateisbored I feel the same way, but I guess no matter where you are there will always be memes.
ID	3	I Can`t do 30 minutes of Treadmill  but done 30 minutes for today already, gonna do 20 minutes more
ID	2	i'm sooooooooooooo confused
ID	2	Work day 7 of 7,
ID	3	Chillin with the roomies. Can't wait for the zombie CLWN CR. Its gonna be 6-8 weeks
ID	2	@SuperJerry No refunds but they do retrieve accounts, takes like a week. Just hoping the thief doesn't use hacks or then it's permaban
ID	4	Cute Malay girl came to seemy room for rent - sadly think it was for her guyfreind   bit misleading and disappointing LOL
ID	0	I hate the new mt dew commercial..the one with a giant mosquito..it scares me and grosses me out all at the same time.
ID	1	I hate the new mt dew commercial..the one with a giant mosquito..it scares me and grosses me out all at the same time.
ID	2	not super keen on the drive home through the rain.. additional concentration required that i don't really wanna deal with
ID	2	no transport for church  wont be making it, im crushed. Oh well, more time for assignments I suppose. My throat really hurts ...
ID	0	i HATE when i see pregnant women smokinggg!!!! its sooo irresponsible n selfish! its saaad. ultimately, the baby is the one who suffers.
ID	1	i HATE when i see pregnant women smokinggg!!!! its sooo irresponsible n selfish! its saaad. ultimately, the baby is the one who suffers.
ID	0	Lies...lies...lies....you just cant avoid to lie about practically...EVERYTHING!
ID	1	Lies...lies...lies....you just cant avoid to lie about practically...EVERYTHING!
ID	2	@seemouserun so I tried jumping without the trampoline and its like thud* thud*  shouldn't have eaten that cookie.  http://myloc.me/1XIz
ID	4	Everytime I send an email to my coach, I feel a need to practice.   shitty balls.  Lol
ID	4	It's pissing me off and not letting me follow ericka
ID	4	Is going to sleep not peaceful  wanted to hear him say Good Night but that didn't happen  Good Night everyone....
ID	4	my mums trying to make me feel ebtter about stopping voting adn not winning shortstack. i almost cried.
ID	2	I have forgot the live with the Jonas Brothers on Facebook
ID	4	I haven't seen Muffin in two whole days!
ID	4	@YumiFujii i'll miss y'all back... give @LesleyBoudy my regards...
ID	2	I have to admit, I'm a bit bummed out that I wasn't with my friends walking today....
ID	2	my twitter has been hacked again
ID	4	Just found mj mouse flats at DJs. Of course there are none left in my size
ID	0	@lanacaitlin  hahaha well its try its so ugly
ID	1	@lanacaitlin  hahaha well its try its so ugly
ID	2	@jmoriarty I don't even want to know WHY you know about VHEMT, but don't go - we'd miss you
ID	3	@OooChelcyooO That's awesome! We have that this weekend too but I can't go because I'm moving this Sat.  I should be a lot of fun though
ID	4	@xoshayzers i knoww  things won't be the samee &lt;/3
ID	2	OMG-ness it's 11:18 pm and I need to beup early to set up my garage sale it starts a 8am, wish I said 9am. I'm beat.
ID	3	@vinylvickxen i kno i doooo!!!!!!!!!! yall partyin with out me
ID	2	Okay, so twitter suddenly changed, how do I respond to messages now
ID	2	Decided that no matter how good my hair looks curly it doesn't justify the burn I get from the curler! My hands covered  I suck at it!
ID	4	Going to sleep. Gonna fall asleep playing apps again. Tmrw is going to suck
ID	0	I hate when my bf beats da dogs. But I guess that the only way to teach these pitts.
ID	1	I hate when my bf beats da dogs. But I guess that the only way to teach these pitts.
ID	2	sprained my ankle  like really badly and tore some stuffs. it hurts! and its my birthday weekend
ID	4	I can't believe the Metal Gear Solid song was stolen    I'm so disappointed  http://bit.ly/YKkSu
ID	0	think i may have broke a toe at the bar tonight......thanks drunk girl for steppin all over me!!!!!
ID	1	think i may have broke a toe at the bar tonight......thanks drunk girl for steppin all over me!!!!!
ID	4	@MacZombieRawr  I wish I had Left 4 Dead. But first I'd need something to play it on...
ID	3	I spilled my beer all over my leg. Wasted half my beer.  Home now. I met a cute girl. Good conversation.
ID	0	my roommate @tess_tickle loves to ignore me
ID	1	my roommate @tess_tickle loves to ignore me
ID	3	Scary lightning and thunder  I'm glad it's over now. Going to sleep, I hope I'm not late to school tomorow again. Haha
ID	4	my teeth and head hurts
ID	4	I HATE rob zombie movies. &amp; the smell of weed. Vommmm.
ID	0	@jcwentz Maths and Science were the strongest for me i think..dunno bout geography, only did like 1 day of study for 1/2 a year of work!
ID	1	@jcwentz Maths and Science were the strongest for me i think..dunno bout geography, only did like 1 day of study for 1/2 a year of work!
ID	2	Hope I get a job cuz we need an apartment. I'm drunk &amp; miss my lil punkin  TEHE!!!
ID	2	just got home! not wanting to read the last chaper of breaking dawn cause i dont want it to beover
ID	2	I need to be held...  Gnite.
ID	2	Hanging out with sam, billy, and veronica. not going to school tomorrow to take sam to body shops. Dang car accidents
ID	4	no more arrested development. i am sad.
ID	4	omg i keep losing followers this is so sad  i want 90 one day....thats my goal ;D
ID	4	I feel so deflated. No more doggy.
ID	2	@blood_rain i wanna see her hair  hows everyone?
ID	4	I just had to empty my trash on the mac. that was one of THE MOST DIFFICULT things I have ever done in my life. 8,000 pictures are GONE.
ID	4	im contacting PAWS Philippines so i can find &quot;tiger&quot; a new owner. im so sad. i love my dog soo much
ID	4	just got home! not wanting to read the last chaper of breaking dawn cause i dont want it to be over
ID	2	Aww...  Pray for the arroyo family everyone!
ID	4	Fuuudge. Movie store is closed
ID	4	ALO is so sad and quiet and empty tonight
ID	0	@meganmansyn Hahahaha! It's not horrible, if others were singing with I'm sure it could work. I wish I could afford my own drum set
ID	1	@meganmansyn Hahahaha! It's not horrible, if others were singing with I'm sure it could work. I wish I could afford my own drum set
ID	2	@wuzzyangel You never answered your DM I sent you....   I need your info...
ID	2	Am trying to get through the pilot of the first season of friday night lights. Oh gosh  Pass the tissue...
ID	4	@Mona26 Aw where are you headed to? i just cancelled my trip to Aussie
ID	2	I have cystic lacrimal infectection?? my eye and face are swollen and it hurts!!
ID	2	@jose3030 I didn't think anyone caught that
ID	4	Sad that Christian Lacroix had to file bankruptcy
ID	4	I dont feel good AT ALL. fuckkk
ID	2	looks like i'll never go to the zoo
ID	2	@djvinceadams Ohh poor girl  I'll email her... I am relying on you being here in October Mr!!
ID	2	@Moss1982 bad times?
ID	0	aarrgghh - fu*k.....a hose has leaked water all over the new floating floor
ID	1	aarrgghh - fu*k.....a hose has leaked water all over the new floating floor
ID	4	Have to go to the dreaded DMV tomorrow
ID	3	english class! working on interactive orals
ID	2	@SharonHayes Thank you for the rec but that doesn't work
ID	2	My puppy Gizmo h8s me..  haha. He still growls @ me.  I always look back @ my long pruple scar on my fingie
ID	2	I don't know how ima work out tomorrow wit my body dis sore  ugh
ID	2	I'm feeling this pressure in my head that always kicks in just before a nasty headache. I'm not looking forward to this.
ID	4	Taylor Swift and Joe Jonas looked really good together. I'm kinda sad they broke up.
ID	2	I'm suppose to turn in a sentence outline for my research paper within the hour online but my neck hurts.
ID	2	Lady across the way had a miscarriage, say a prayer
ID	4	God I just want to sleep.
ID	0	@ksutt11 ohhhh thunderstorms...boo  why do they always have to make the power go out??
ID	1	@ksutt11 ohhhh thunderstorms...boo  why do they always have to make the power go out??
ID	2	I feel so deflated. No more doggy.
ID	4	Found my book. Starting a real paper-bound journal tonight. Have an annoying zit above my lip. Makes me look like I have herpes
ID	0	RATT ROCKED NASHVILLE TONITE..ONE THING SUCKED, NO ENCORE!  LIKE IN THE 80'S THEY STILL HAVE A FUN SHOW. PEARCY HAS THAT HOTT BAD BOY LOOK
ID	1	RATT ROCKED NASHVILLE TONITE..ONE THING SUCKED, NO ENCORE!  LIKE IN THE 80'S THEY STILL HAVE A FUN SHOW. PEARCY HAS THAT HOTT BAD BOY LOOK
ID	2	is feeling bad  just got bad news about my Mum
ID	4	@RealBlackWidow But but I dun wanna
ID	4	@imjustlalayone damn girl I'm so down but ya gotta let me know so I can get my kit together &amp; I got a flyer  Any next weekend? I&quot;M DOWN!
ID	4	@JustinOdom dbl booooooo for being sick, flippin blows! ... bahaha i kno i dont have many friends on here either. i feel so lame  haha
ID	2	don't feel like working  I think I tweet this too often!
ID	4	feels sick to my stomach and idkk whyy
ID	2	vineri...nimic special sau probabil un alt weekend pierdut...
ID	3	is home.  safely... but hungry
ID	4	@hello_jodie Um, I was thrown from @JareWolf's van yesterday and had to be taken to the ER
ID	2	got to final table, but....went out third.  Don't think I'll be getting my free seat
ID	0	I have to work in the morning while my friends get to party it up.....stupid bberry lite flashing red and I have no messages!
ID	1	I have to work in the morning while my friends get to party it up.....stupid bberry lite flashing red and I have no messages!
ID	3	FB is boring   and i wanna sing RIGHT NOW..! *-*
ID	4	@judyrey  The link doesn't work
ID	2	The humpalow um ya I think so... Cell is dying
ID	2	Last day at work...Sick to the bone
ID	2	i feel like I'm on house arrest.
ID	2	@cosmiclagoon Did you know that there is a shortage of shells for crabs to use on the beach due to beach combers? It is very sad
ID	3	@celldweller Must... have... new music... I won't sleep until you give us Chapter 1... I might die first though...  Hurry!
ID	4	my stupid tooooth hurts
ID	3	@neyoofficial: love the song &quot;together&quot;. that's &quot;his&quot; song for me...well i think it's still is
ID	4	@turnitgrey my computers broken and I broke my laptop so I had to use the phone  ahh still on he cause they fucked up my order.
ID	2	It's a sad economy. Just heard of another friend losing their job.  so sad. But just a reminder that...
ID	2	@jarekpastor I'm just starting to feel really panicky and anxious that something bad has happened cos it seems like it's been ages
ID	2	my dog ran awayyy
ID	0	@all_is_one84 Those suck so bad.
ID	1	@all_is_one84 Those suck so bad.
ID	2	I'm back. top molar extracted  swollen face, all numb.  But no more toothache or sinus pain.
ID	3	just finished 8 hours of Texas Life Insurance CE tonight, 22 more hours to go
ID	2	does anyone know any good rap songs? i need to make a rap/fun cd and i have no idea  helllllpppp
ID	3	I want to go to Peru this summer ahhhhhhh! Hopefully! Yesyesyes! I miss it over there!!!
ID	4	I'm awake. Anybody else awake? Wish I lived in the US since all the fun happens when I'm asleep!
ID	0	At Charle's with the power out. LOL! Damn SaveMart lost power and we could not buy beer.
ID	1	At Charle's with the power out. LOL! Damn SaveMart lost power and we could not buy beer.
ID	4	@Penguin_J heehee. i love you! i am tired.
ID	2	my mobile phone refuses to charge!!  either the battery is broken or the chargerrr ( booooo
ID	2	@Kirsten613 oh how i wish you would get her to sign something then send it to me or let me call you when you meet or something
ID	2	@kimberly625 hmmm, I thought u were sleeping!! Too bad I can't see those videos until tomorrow night.
ID	4	Morning everyone sorry for going early last night had bad news, felt totally crap   Today is a new day
ID	4	how I wish my parents put me into a Chinese school when I was younger. Then, it'll be so much easier for me to get a job...
ID	3	@AnthonyLucas @iainfunnell Yeah, physically moving too!  Apparently we'll be reporting directly to Mr. Hayward...
ID	2	@charloro jealous  it looks like schindler's list in toronto
ID	3	I want another tatt
ID	3	So, I need to make a lot of money tomorrow
ID	4	@joiskol  being in your room makes me sad.
ID	2	Nearly fell asleep, but was jolted out of bed by a massive panic attack and now I'm not sure if I can sleep at all.
ID	4	@CocktailChic oh f*ck! I completely forgot about Thirsty Thursday! oh. my. gaga. this sucks
ID	4	if one people did any wrong, the world blames all the people over there, this is the great world which we are living in!  Shit!
ID	4	@meljachin: eww. dislike
ID	2	Tactical mistake: going to the city library and buying milk. Who knew? OUCH OUCH OUCH. Maybe a good thing I didn't try for uni.
ID	4	@SuzyDunkley sorry bout the cat,
ID	2	my stomach feels like it's touching the ground..i'm SO full
ID	3	Pug just woke me from an incredible sleep!
ID	3	@ddlovato i can`t wait to hear your new album. i`m sure will be amazing.please just replay to me  i love you so much!!!!
ID	2	Sooo much work so little time
ID	4	missed iron chef
ID	4	@thevowel the DS version sucks
ID	4	what a bad day
ID	3	@lilxamyx08 i know ridiculous! we never got to hang out  i love chicago and want to go shopping... so a trip sounds like fun
ID	0	hates the net. ayaw bumukas ng twitter.  http://plurk.com/p/wxlxs
ID	1	hates the net. ayaw bumukas ng twitter.  http://plurk.com/p/wxlxs
ID	2	Ugh, my internet was down!
ID	2	is feeling so giddy and wanna go home.
ID	2	Up and packing. Its the last day of youth camp
ID	2	Somebody please save the polar bears!
ID	3	@PandaMayhem noooooooooooo i just look at a lot of pictures   lol lol
ID	2	It has come to my attention from a 16yo friend that I've recently gained a TON of weight. He didn't know it was me.
ID	2	guess im staying home tonight...no movie-ing for me
ID	4	went to the cd store to search for the cd. But
ID	2	@BuzzEdition reminds me of the weather a month ago it was horrible  I hope all is well hugs
ID	4	I miss my mom..  &quot;May angels lead you in&quot;
ID	3	there's really no android twitter app of Tweetie's calibre
ID	0	on jacksonville beach walking in the cold Ass water   but have to work in the morning   ily &lt;('-')&gt;
ID	1	on jacksonville beach walking in the cold Ass water   but have to work in the morning   ily &lt;('-')&gt;
ID	4	@chocolovere i feel the same way every day
ID	4	Can't sleep. Sucks. The one day i have to sleep in and i have to get up and go shopping with mom. Ugh.
ID	4	Sleppytime. Really missing my godfather right now. Love you Wayne
ID	4	So have a headache right now and it sucks
ID	2	@JayDz hope ya sleepin well  guys still here
ID	3	i should be finished.... but i'm not.  color drawing, here i come.
ID	4	@jwray12 Lakers, baby Lakers!! I'll miss the game tmwr. I have to work  you'll have to keep me posted please
ID	4	comfort food of the day: pan mee. though, it didnt taste any good..
ID	2	damn being drunk and hot sucks
ID	4	misses my baby.
ID	2	is not sleeping because he has paperwork to do.
ID	2	Showered in ice-cold water. Sweating now. Means one thing: I'm sick
ID	2	midnight cry.. wish the person I wanted, wanted me right now
ID	4	I'm poorly and can't sleep
ID	2	Went to pole class. Feeling discouraged. I am hopeless when it cones to dancing or sexy moves or spreading my legs.
ID	2	@RoasterBoy And these poor, unfortunate souls don't appear to have any pants at all...  ? http://blip.fm/~78qvz
ID	2	@damohopo @StephanieEllen If I told you how often I wash my hair you would never speak to me again
ID	2	Looks like another sleepless night dedicated to homework. Sorry in advance, Ms. Chapman.
ID	2	@jessicaduncan http://twitpic.com/662vk -  WHY DO U LOT MOCK ME!!!
ID	2	didnt say goodnight to you
ID	0	@abguerraartist  I am not a pussy! damnit!  [sending you an e-mail right now btw]
ID	1	@abguerraartist  I am not a pussy! damnit!  [sending you an e-mail right now btw]
ID	4	has work tom.
ID	3	The pics I just uploaded are the baby pics of my cats. Missy is now an adult and a pretty little kitty, but Batty is in kitten heaven now
ID	4	today we say goodbye to the second good friend in a week from dmp  but at least the sun is shinning and I'm definately NOT working this pm
ID	2	@Syo_of_the_dead I met a stranger just 10 min ago. He was stalking me at the store
ID	4	Sometimes the things you say hurt the ones you love most unintentionally.  And you can never ever take it back or fix it.
ID	4	@nickkk_ that sucks!
ID	4	Having Fever  dont feel to work
ID	2	Taking Horse Pills, hoping I can get some sleep tonight
ID	4	missing @MeLDiBiAsE...6 days can't pass quick enough
ID	0	@juliaiiivir Hey! That's my school! I hate that place.
ID	1	@juliaiiivir Hey! That's my school! I hate that place.
ID	4	Working from home today, my back is killing me  Doctor and then physio after later today.
ID	3	@ddlovato demi, just say hi to me and it`s enough. just replay to me please  love you so much!!!
ID	2	Looks like it's going to be too nice to work today, how annoying as I have no choice
ID	2	is desperatly hoping my dad takes me to vanessa's game
ID	2	@pb_and_jay hi!  Fuck your job!
ID	4	Missing you all deeply
ID	3	@mrssunshine96 big now!!! Vanessa is going to be 3 in September, its going by so fast!  its hard cuz Im workin so much, I miss out on alot
ID	4	@Ravels sniff sniff  take care ravels! Hopefully we'll be chatting again soon. In the mean time, I'll HELLA miss you.
ID	2	Somebody please save the polar bears!
ID	2	My nose is runny, my head is pounding, and teeth hurt like a bitch. MAN. @-) I feel awful.  =((
ID	4	I don't want her to leave..
ID	3	Headin home...Refreshed my mind and soul justa lil bit...Bac to reality.
ID	3	good lord, just seen the agency work for our upcoming Open Day. Money for Jam
ID	2	At the Grove for 'Drag Me to Hell.' I hope that it doesn't suck.
ID	2	@NOLAevol so i feel like shit for saying HAPPY BELATED BIRFDAYY.. i'm only a month late
ID	4	@KaliyahPjones lmao...thats sad, kinda discourages me 4rom goin if the shit's wack
ID	4	@WillyNorthpole I wish I was there
ID	4	I miss my little Batty, she was only 3 months old when she got sick, she was always so fun and full of life &lt;3 Even at the very end...
ID	4	morning again! I hate mornings. So offensive!
ID	4	bed bed bed @samuelasanders do you never answer texts anymore?  I thought of you the other day and sent one but never heard back. Sad day
ID	4	@brianshead waah. We're no longer your peeps.
ID	4	@angelica_yo LOL wow dawg doesn't sound like you're playing!  I feel bad now haha
ID	3	My little foster kittens are getting big...chubba and Winston are going 2 b missed when they get amazing homes.
ID	3	one week till exam block
ID	2	hoping i didn't fail english. that would just be sad
ID	2	Know what would be great? For my shoulder to stop hurting so I can sleep normal again.  I just want/need a few solid hours of good sleep.
ID	4	@MariusLT I'm sorry about your bad driving experiences.
ID	4	Already misses @CMontecillo
ID	0	plan may changes , nooooooo
ID	1	plan may changes , nooooooo
ID	0	my sister is a douchebag
ID	1	my sister is a douchebag
ID	2	I knew I should've worn the SARS mask on the plane from SoCal.. feeling the beginnings of a sore throat
ID	4	Gutted that the bathroom still isn't free- early work isn't going to happen  . And I need the loo!
ID	2	@laurelexmachina awww I wish I could have been there  I'm stuck here about to jab out my eyes with knitting needles
ID	3	@calvinharris stop talkin about food haha fill like sum nw  hha hows your day goin or starting
ID	2	finished sewing for the night, uploading pictures from slidebar and beach. i cant believe i am having difficulties with twitter!
ID	4	thank you @ddlovato (: cant wait!!!! ummm btw ima crash still sick
ID	4	First my work computer, now my home laptop is fucked.
ID	2	#liesgirlstell  a guy calls her phone to see if the number is real ) ohh my phone isn't working . try tomorrow .
ID	2	#beer #friday #melbourne #cbd #mtub #mini #cmon Thirsty and lonely ... you buggers are making me feel like a scotty no mates
ID	2	@debbylovespr I know. We came back from 22 down in the 1st just to lose the lead in the last 6 minutes.
ID	2	gosh... summer vacation is almost over here at the philippines.. kinda sad..  i wonder what section will i be in?
ID	2	I'm bummed that I can't wear my sweet Nike kicks to work.
ID	2	@Pickleybaby - your twitter is broken
ID	4	@joek949 It's depressing I'm stuck inside all day
ID	2	@rachelasha I even saw the news feeds of the archie website. But can't believe he'd choose veronica. I'm disappointed
ID	4	i hate being sick. i miss @cynthiasheree @lucyowns and @larilync
ID	3	Getting ready for school - second maths test today  also its my last day of 3rd year!! Next week i will officially be in 4th year
ID	4	Woke Up,I Wanna Stay In My bed
ID	2	depressed that i wasn't included in the morcom gardens quiz on facebook
ID	2	@dravenreborn yeah, its still totally in the high 60s here. soooo notlooking forward to aug and sept up here
ID	4	Upsidedown tomato plants died!
ID	2	@ashleypratt Oh come on!!! You get next week off and I get next week full of exams!
ID	2	@vocabularies i know, don't tell anyone  i dont know if my dad told the famz yet. i think i'm taking it online.
ID	4	@ddlovato Caan't Iht Be Earlier? ICant Wait That Long.  Ahar. (:
ID	3	Friday yay!! And a bonus, don't have to drive to Wales tonight.  Athough will miss kitten cuddles and going for a ride
ID	2	My children have promised me birthday brekkie in bed. There's a problem with that in that there's bugger all food in the house
ID	2	@RDeRozario woops! I only just realized my DMs to you are not going through
ID	3	Q: what studio created 'Open Season'? should google it or look at the dvd downstairs but feeling lazy
ID	4	@prncsztalia why do you hate me!?
ID	0	time for tv in bed.Then spending all day catching up on studying  i hate online summer classes
ID	1	time for tv in bed.Then spending all day catching up on studying  i hate online summer classes
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/663vr - Wanted to visit the animals but we were too late
ID	2	@prime8507 PC I agree...  We have a problem. We must stop spending and only work!!!
ID	4	#jonaswebcast i just missed it!!!!
ID	0	Dang it! I REALLY look like crap!! Sigh only had 35mins to shower and 10mins to get ready
ID	1	Dang it! I REALLY look like crap!! Sigh only had 35mins to shower and 10mins to get ready
ID	4	So exhausted..can't sleep. I don't like these nights
ID	4	i'm gonna miss all the live Comet action tomorrow! i have to go take care of my cousins and they don't have access to the interwebz
ID	4	@NothinButSin sorry to hear that.
ID	2	Morning ;Sports day today, and I have to do the three-legged race with @Weefeetfrankie  ; Mr Pettigrew said I'm not aloud to trip her up
ID	4	Just found out I can't drink at this bar! Booo missing e1 at palomino's! No cheers sad face
ID	2	Cannot sleep. 2+ hours of tossing and turning.
ID	2	Omg going to die of swine flu when I go to Melbourne
ID	4	finished a whole box of ice cream
ID	2	@crispynoodles plus I just deposited tax return cheque but for first time in 7+ years it didn't clear immediately
ID	3	Photo: martwo: OMG i love you!!!! i accadentally deleted this photo  yay hes SO beautiful http://tumblr.com/xvd1wankt
ID	2	@AshleighRyder I knooww  &amp; my hot water bottle iss in whangamata without me. ahhhhh
ID	3	@charlieboy808 thanks for the rt and sorry about your new place with the domestics
ID	3	Ok, other then my shoe, the club is cool. Its fun, and its poppin except 4 the ppl tryna dance wit me
ID	2	Holy crap! It's raining in LA and I don't have a jacket!  oh no.
ID	2	Wish I could attend E3 this year. But these small events like the NBA and Stanley Cup Finals keep getting in the way.   Work, work, work.
ID	3	@o0hemmy lol hi emmy, latin would help me study for the aptitude tests to get into grad school ;\ thats why i wanna take it
ID	4	@chrisontv88 btw I am not a wimp
ID	3	@kaseypoteet LOL yeah yeah you big perv ;) Was hoping to see you next week but scrapped plans
ID	2	Rejecting all food substances.
ID	2	@bigyahu no I was trying to interview Dr Paul Twomey, CEO of ICANN. Phone issues cut the interview from 30 mins to 15.
ID	4	@queenbmakeup i can't add you on myspace girly  it asks for a last name and email
ID	0	back at Vienna (  ), sooo tired, luggage lost, Manchester 'd been great - very good outcome from Seminar at MBS &amp; great people around ...
ID	1	back at Vienna (  ), sooo tired, luggage lost, Manchester 'd been great - very good outcome from Seminar at MBS &amp; great people around ...
ID	2	@meghanwong don't think i can take a needle. watched a horribly gory short film on drugs a few months ago. i'm scarred for life.
ID	4	I don't wanna go back to work   sleepy time.
ID	2	@jprestonian It feels not good.
ID	2	Thinking about getting up for work
ID	2	I was a very naughty girl tonight. dissappointed with myself
ID	2	@rbuerckner That's better than Missy 8 telling me I should be on The Biggest Loser
ID	4	http://bit.ly/3W9w1  NOOOO! he goes for Orlando! OMG  I'm gonna CRY!!!!!!!!
ID	3	good time Rocking out @ open mic, thanks 4 all the love n support. Now working on Business plan presentation. No CG again 2nite
ID	4	@johnpopham Morning John, yes I do, however I have a diary clash and sadly can't attend!
ID	4	I miss my friend
ID	4	Yea i just saw this really sad commercial
ID	4	Hmmm. Using TinyTwitter on a small non-touch screen is really not much fun
ID	3	@plantweb  Lettuce &amp; spinach does best in cool weather.. I live in florida..not much luck growing those..
ID	3	@IkramShahnawaz Oh I love 'em, but when I think about the kind of preservatives they're using to stay &quot;just-baked&quot; it kinda makes me sick
ID	2	@elephantgravy my new lens isn't working. It worked for a bit and now gives an fEE error
ID	4	Hates having to sleep alone
ID	2	back at school again. almost weekend. oh wait, i gotta work from eight to four tonight
ID	4	I loved johnny carson now I'm going to hate seeing jay leno go
ID	4	even though everyone wanted to do a newish song and our teacher agreed :S old grumpy doesn't like us happy  haha
ID	2	doing my english essay (on r&amp;j...wtf) that i should have done a long time ago when it was assigned last thursday
ID	2	@Tiff_Tiff_Marie  I think I do it too much....
ID	4	@razitul ya. i was suffering the whole day yesterday. met dentist and feel a bit better. i still look like rocky balboa though
ID	2	@GQbound I didn't end up really eating  had more snacks. sigh
ID	2	@Harishk: @krist0ph3r @saurabh sorry guys i have to drop out of the trip... some personal commitments..
ID	4	I didn't get a callback for the play I cried...  oh well I guess it's back to being a techie..
ID	3	@UniqueMakis Awesome! Wish I could fly out to see her
ID	4	@lunafactor I kinda wish I went with you now!.. I can't fall asleep
ID	3	@nawid nope  het is LOST&amp;found he ;-)
ID	2	At Rocky Cola Diner in Whittier tonight with teacher pal Mr. B, we had a great time chatting but no one else came...
ID	3	@heresmyhello92 LOL, very true. Maybe next year. I loooved that siggy, and I don't remember what the password for the mod thing was  Cake?
ID	2	ummm sooo yeh....its really hard to concentrate rite now wen i have this weird #lupus feeling goin thro my body
ID	2	@charleyboorman http://twitpic.com/65623 - OUCH!! That looks so painful
ID	3	@JetWolf I know I enjoy watching you two on twitter. About as entertaining as the comic.  That I miss
ID	4	@Dakshinamurti Not yet... sorry
ID	2	All I want to do is sit back &amp; relax for a little while. How can that be this difficult?!
ID	2	@zhenerak I thought I was your best friend?
ID	4	FALL ASLEEP ON ME AGAIN  But I know how it feels now LOL. Drag Me To Hell tonight! Quite excited
ID	2	god i cant even catch public transport. swine flu is shit house
ID	2	Dad just said that our trip to UK is cancelled, due to da swine flu. Ooops! Sorry abang.
ID	3	Hahaha! Alright  ..
ID	0	@guitar21g @jackie_hussein i have to wake up earlier than i thought.. my dad wants me to take him food at 9AM! no0o0o0o!
ID	1	@guitar21g @jackie_hussein i have to wake up earlier than i thought.. my dad wants me to take him food at 9AM! no0o0o0o!
ID	3	someone take me to LA  I NEED TO SEE THE LEMON TREE
ID	4	um... so I don't think my text msgs have a &quot;subject line&quot; ... I fail
ID	4	tummy ache.
ID	3	wants see my friends  ;-) http://plurk.com/p/wxnwa
ID	2	@goddessfleur youre so far away, I don't know what to do....
ID	3	@hiracdelest who's the one always working now?  oh yeah, still me.
ID	4	@askegg I'm sorry, Andrew. I wish there was something I could do...
ID	4	as if i finsh work at eleven.. IS THAT EVEN ALLOWD?  cauz i really dont want to.. lol
ID	4	@AmandaMallard i'm not at chaseton's either  please don't die, my heart will be really sad
ID	3	that was an interesting show to say the least. recap tomorrow. first i must sleep. work in am.
ID	2	@omgjoker o its feels like a hot box and no matter where i go in here it still feels like a hot box! ice cream isn't working n e more
ID	2	Very Sad.... please get better Grandma
ID	2	@aannniieee uuuugh  i hate everything
ID	2	Gosh. Today's weather is HOrriTerrible! Extreme hotness. I'm losing a lot of water weight by doing nothing.  - http://tweet.sg
ID	2	Is taking a moment to reflect...I want my annonymity back,FB!!!!  Is it safe to say anything about someone else to another friend again?
ID	2	@alyssainescruz aww. me too  annoying!!! :|
ID	4	I can't sleep, this is so darn frustrating.
ID	3	My BFF rocking Hotel California now. No @NKOTB songs!  done stay the same. What's next? Hmmm.. Careless whisper!
ID	4	@stormyamorette just one of those days where loneliness creeps up on you slaps you in the face.
ID	4	RIP kelly  fucccccck
ID	2	@RockedByPickler well I don't have vacations so let's NOT go there
ID	2	I think im being ignored...by my best friend, jake....a) i hate being ignored. b) we all know how things go with him
ID	3	@Anna_Viola love it! By the way I didn't end up having time to go this week  I'm sooooo sorry! Next week for sure!
ID	4	Not feeling too good
ID	4	Ok. Time to nodd off its gonna be a long day tomorrow. Saying goodbye to my car for good
ID	2	Taking a nap after work=no sleep right now. The nap felt soooo good but now it seems like a bad idea
ID	2	is going home... I've seriously had enough
ID	3	Counting the minutes when my dad's g-friend is leaving
ID	4	i miss oklahomaaaaa  listening to citizen cope til i pass out.
ID	3	@leopardqueen @seekinspiration Have fun! I miss you guys a lot!
ID	2	@skyduke478 that makes me sad for you
ID	2	Feels like im going to cough up a lung
ID	4	its funny. i'm kinda sad on my last day
ID	4	Jenny fell asleep and didn't come over
ID	2	@thedailysurvey Why do we love those that we cannot have?
ID	4	Wishes you had teased me with movie night
ID	2	I lost 4 followers over night, nobody likes me
ID	4	@johneast I've missed one this year(!). It's the forbidden fruit. Of all the trees in the garden I munch in disappointment on that one.
ID	2	I want a new phone  I've seen too much cellphone commercials (
ID	2	@Anime81  I'm soo sad. It's just on the edges of the pages, but it's not gonna come out. *cries*
ID	2	this time, i really need to shut it.. i'm going to sleep! my head aches badly and i really can't take it..
ID	4	@IvanaE i love it to.. but i knw there gna cut stuff out on tv
ID	4	@JoannaAngel I do  But Im on a strict diet. . . ugh I feel like if i cheat for one day Ill throw everything up.
ID	2	Oh no, hubs is so sick! I hope I don't catch it
ID	0	Taking back the HORRIBLE shoes my mum made me get.. urgggh. They are some nasty footwear! Problem is, I can't find any other shoes!
ID	1	Taking back the HORRIBLE shoes my mum made me get.. urgggh. They are some nasty footwear! Problem is, I can't find any other shoes!
ID	2	Ran out of money. I r a sad panda
ID	4	So Cal Dachshund Rescue found a home for my foster pup, Max. I'm soooooo sad to see him leave
ID	4	wow I feel like ish  and I really feel bad because those ignorent aholes wont overturn prop 8
ID	4	off to work now, finish about 9pm  booooo.
ID	4	Wishes you hadn't teased me with movie night
ID	2	@RitikaKar  http://bit.ly/179jxS But gotta wiat till next week  btw...you from Mumbai itself?
ID	4	maybe i should take up drinking again, feel as if i have a ,massive hangover  still not ,yself today
ID	2	i have a really bad head ache  gonna go to bed i might be back maybe not bye bye
ID	2	friends from Traveller's Tales held a farewell party for me but I kinda disappointed them that I would still be here until Sep. My fault.
ID	0	night 5 not talking to my victor  i'm so bored at night now. grrrr i hate this shit
ID	1	night 5 not talking to my victor  i'm so bored at night now. grrrr i hate this shit
ID	3	I am going to die tomorrow night.  @emilazy should be here.
ID	0	gonna get off to try and catch some Z's, no more high school after tomorrow! which really sucks  i wish i didn't have to grow up!
ID	1	gonna get off to try and catch some Z's, no more high school after tomorrow! which really sucks  i wish i didn't have to grow up!
ID	4	should be sleeping.  lost my voice a couple day ago.
ID	4	I was too sleepy earlier and i didnt get to see matt
ID	3	big day 2day the xt launch was amazing! so much free stuff thanx 2 the edge and telecom! found the phone i want...cnt afford it yet tho
ID	2	@bethBABE4 Oh yeah, i'm the poorest person of all. But i shouldnt joke about that, poor other people
ID	4	I just realized I spelled &quot;adorable&quot; wrong when I tweeted @mindykaling she must hate me now
ID	2	@janesas_mommy oh  well i hope she gets better
ID	2	@jordskkk who are the crew? please dont be me...  i dont think it is but i could be wrong i have been a number of times...
ID	4	how to have a glowing face? my complexion is always so pale
ID	4	Downloadfestival's lineup isn't as good as i thought it was. There are some other awesome bands doing the festivals, but missing DL
ID	2	haven't watched gossip girl in ageeees ! and need one tree hill season 3 . god i'm so slow
ID	3	@colstewart You're cycling tho' that's good. Healthy eating  Healthy and eating are a contradiction in terms.
ID	0	Sooo.....I'm kinda o sick n tired of the bs that guys dish out  !!!!!!!!
ID	1	Sooo.....I'm kinda o sick n tired of the bs that guys dish out  !!!!!!!!
ID	3	@daveockun I hate you , Fleetwood is my favorite band...I'm so jealous  ok I still love you haha
ID	2	Up early again tomorrow... heading to bed now. I keep saying I'm going to take a midday nap, but it hasn't happened this week yet...
ID	3	i no i no bt i had only been a gamer for like 2 years when i made that attempt  lol yea i luvd F1 to an extent @yellowshirts
ID	2	@imjustlalayone  I'm so sorry .. ya gotta let me know! I've been booked all week!
ID	3	@Sashairene hahaha oh man please come to pomona i would love to see you everyday instead of like once a year if that
ID	2	@letsgeticecream I miss you!  Come to Michigan like now....I can't wait till July
ID	2	farrrrr . pdhpe assignment due next week and have english homework !
ID	2	forgot his access card in the cartoo lazy to fetch it
ID	3	@BriannaBanshee such a dissapointment  hhaha
ID	2	@4EvaAFanOfPaula hun are you okay? I see alot of your posts your exercising like mad,not eating or sleeping
ID	4	oh no my tweetdeck is malfunctioning :O il have web will its fixd
ID	4	@ElectraX ...i'm sorry about you are still sick  u know most of them, AND i know that u will guess the &quot;pelzer present&quot; ;-)
ID	4	@maliciousmandy1 Adam Samberg + new moon trailor = good evening. Too bad my cable is off as of friday
ID	2	@carrotmadman6 What happened? I'm afraid I missed a large part of the story
ID	2	Dell FX100 Pc-over-IP audio device (Teradici) is giving me a hard time in #Linux #Ubuntu Jaunty  Kernel isnt loading the snd-hda-intel drv
ID	4	Just got my ass kicked in Tripoly lol  I got such bad cards... i suck
ID	3	creeped it up at the ice cream social! good times. lars and the real girl, such a sad movie
ID	2	sooo.... Hot in here hufff.....
ID	2	closeness or distance? closeness... but now everything seems so distant...
ID	4	Annnnnnddd another one bites the dust
ID	2	Ahhhhh! My &quot;Let The Right One In&quot; DVD broke
ID	3	@drewseeley hey i loved ACS but i had to see it online, is not here yet   cant wait to buy it!!! you look amazing there
ID	2	@hisheidi  my thoughts dwell on a certain person
ID	2	fml my work uniform is on the washing line
ID	2	ohh shit i just realized she still not talking to me  it b like dat some times..
ID	4	on my 42nd written fuck.. i get less ideas every day, and every day
ID	2	@MelissaLynnette naw, it doesnt match up LOL and i have no shenanigans to discuss...  but i did do the thing...
ID	2	@mayora not this part, unfortunately.
ID	2	@soverpeck dude, i didn't know it was a personal experience. sorry something like that went down
ID	2	@A_Lay aww well I just randomly woke up and now I can't sleep! Too many things on my mind
ID	2	@donperignon me too baby... Miss you
ID	0	i just murdered two fucking mouses!!! now i cant sleep
ID	1	i just murdered two fucking mouses!!! now i cant sleep
ID	4	@hammett I wish I could have time for my xbox  project all tied
ID	2	all my pancakes always end up soggy.
ID	2	4 very big ???zongzi) for lunch, ate more, but not work more.Work less but eat more, what  can I do w/h it? Too useless become.
ID	0	sososo bummed, like really bummed, i hate this rain, ruin my date...
ID	1	sososo bummed, like really bummed, i hate this rain, ruin my date...
ID	0	Working late at night on a Dell notebook, Dell's quality has gone down hill, warrenty service sucks too, poor people  buy a Mac instead
ID	1	Working late at night on a Dell notebook, Dell's quality has gone down hill, warrenty service sucks too, poor people  buy a Mac instead
ID	2	Why do none of my thoughts make sense when I'm sober?
ID	2	I cant to sleep and tomorrow i must wake up too early
ID	2	@JustDes As it is now, my body has already developed a mind of it's own but that mind refuses to co-operate with set schedules
ID	4	And trash repops.  Getting it tomorrow night I suppose.
ID	2	Nursing bruises from motorbike crash on Wednesday night leaving London workplace. The ground is so much harder the older you get
ID	2	so bored, i have a headache.
ID	4	feels like crap whenever she lays down. @)(1+-'$#! I hate heartburn &amp; backaches!
ID	4	@katiefreeze I miss you!!!! It's lonely and empty without you!  http://yfrog.com/3o3zxoj
ID	4	@lozzyx NOICE. I realised that after exams I have 2 more weeks  Forgot about the whole 2 weeks of Unit 4 in term 2 thing :/
ID	4	Missing Everyone
ID	0	@calvinharris make the most of pork products while you can, they've fucking stopped importing it here in dubai. bad times
ID	1	@calvinharris make the most of pork products while you can, they've fucking stopped importing it here in dubai. bad times
ID	2	another build failed! something is not right in the big scheme of things!
ID	2	My wife took my last 20, no McDonalds breakfast for me today
ID	3	I wish I was going to we love sounds
ID	4	My sisser is moving tomorrow and of makes me sad  actually I guess technically in a couple of hours since it's already Friday.
ID	2	I keep on falling asleep when I'm suppose to be awake. I miss my babyy..
ID	2	On my way to nottingham..I so don't want to be going
ID	2	I need to wake up earlier so I'm actually tired enough to fall asleep
ID	4	@wired that is so sad
ID	3	@kirstiealley funny u havent showed me any love yet at all
ID	3	@AnnetteStatus I luv urs! admitting niley with a kiss (: but then they change their minds  haha &amp; demi/sterling (: not jemi but still cute
ID	4	is still sick  sigh
ID	2	@bethBABE4 Oh poor beths friend  i'm not naughty, i'm just unperfect.
ID	4	i feel really weird
ID	2	@BrianLimond Ever seen the tv show Dead Like Me? I died and became a grim reaper. Taking people's souls after accidents
ID	2	Steam Punlk fashion show at Anime North and for the first year since TorCon we aren't back til @Anticipationsf &amp; missed it
ID	4	my throat hurts  gonna go read and go to bed. text mee!
ID	2	I am dying to hangout on a Friday afternoon...
ID	2	Eh.. it's cold
ID	4	fjdskal im really frustrated.
ID	4	Wondering how come mcdonalds take so long to deliver my food.
ID	4	@kenyaimagine ... much more injustice than we can imagine now. It will get worse before it gets better, I am afraid. No doubt here. Sorry
ID	4	Sooo.....I'm kind of sick n tired of the bs that guys dish out  !!!!!!!!
ID	2	class color day tomorrow! last time!  I have a lot to remember for tomorrow but I bet I'll forget -_-
ID	4	@StarOnMaineSt idk lol my head hurts. rly bad. &amp; so does my stomach... hmm... personally, i think its from all the #s ive had 2 deal wit
ID	2	@keytar @badtwin BUT THEY ARE EXPENSIVE.
ID	0	WTF facebook just cleared out my whole survey and i was on the last q, this night gets better and better  what else is next?
ID	1	WTF facebook just cleared out my whole survey and i was on the last q, this night gets better and better  what else is next?
ID	2	Misses his twitastic fwiends
ID	2	@Deziree_Divine take my advice lookin through the phone cost me my relationship
ID	3	was playing street fighter IV and Seth Raped me
ID	0	Its weird being at the guy's house without them here. I don't like it
ID	1	Its weird being at the guy's house without them here. I don't like it
ID	4	what a beautiful day - shame I've got to spend it in an office
ID	2	@WTF_JayR oh, i know how budgeting is.
ID	4	Just finished watching the series return of the Chasers War on Everything - really quite crap compared to how it used to be
ID	4	Wow just realized haven't checked Twitter since 9am when I saw my to-do list. Good news- got lot done. Bad news-don't know where day went
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/664b7 - miss my bestfriend :'( now she left school
ID	4	Tummy hurts
ID	4	farewelling an employee tonight...
ID	2	Gorgeous weather, but no bike
ID	4	Morning all. The water heating's packed up, so i can't have a bath. I REALLY want a bath!
ID	4	@heavenlyriot Girls are confusing.
ID	4	@ lyrically_Me   Why would you do that to me?!
ID	3	@jamasweetie06 see...u shouldn't be comin' 4 the city, u should be comin' 4 me
ID	4	Blackout in the city is never good
ID	3	@wedplanworkshop . Flights already booked, plus its GGD2 1st birthday. Can't miss that ! especially as we missed GGD1
ID	0	@mrskutcher  Where I live, all the small markets deliver their day-old bread to the food bank, but times are really tough, even for me
ID	1	@mrskutcher  Where I live, all the small markets deliver their day-old bread to the food bank, but times are really tough, even for me
ID	2	I have drunk hickups. I had a pretty laid back, great night. But I still can't help but be mad about the situation I put myself in
ID	2	why do i think i have to take medicine cuz i was laughing to hard?. my head should not be in this much pain. i thought laughter was gud
ID	3	boring. i wanna go for taekwando
ID	3	Watching Leno for the second to last time on the Tonight Show
ID	2	My tongue still hurts.  I need to sleep!!!
ID	4	@half_a_mind Chris and I are staying in Glasgow instead cause there is absolutely no accomodation in Edinburgh due to the marathon
ID	3	I can't wait till it's Sunday, a new episode of Supernatural but then there are only 6 episodes left now
ID	4	@t_isfortammy Sad tweets are sad
ID	2	needs a little lie down. not feeling great today. boo
ID	4	Have decided I just can't stand @GuyKawasaki's Alltop spam any longer.
ID	2	its from all that anal sex, i forgot the lube. damn  may need to go to the E.R.
ID	2	Playn madden with austin. Im going to miss him..
ID	4	i miss rich
ID	4	Headache of the century coming- I can feel it  Fuck.
ID	4	disappointed to know that I got the Silver Award. I want the GOLD award. I hate being second best.
ID	2	PLEASE MAKE THE LIVECHAT ON SATURDAY CUS I HAVE TO GO TO SCHOOL ON WEEKDAYS(5/6 AM here)   @Jonasbrothers
ID	2	I want to go back to bed but have a child to look after!  I may sleep all of sunday, my enevitable hangover may require it!
ID	2	I just got mad tired so no sex  sleepytime night!
ID	4	home from ice cream tweet-up (my very first tweet-up!) No pics because my camera battery died last night and i forgot to charge it
ID	2	@scotty_mcc bye, Scotty!  i'm gonna miss you. ily&lt;333
ID	2	New Comment On Jowki:  I wish I had the time to blog more often  http://cli.gs/ZzRe1P
ID	2	we can get a temporary tattoo. I would be totally sad if he died.
ID	2	@professor12 gray! .... i so feel neglected
ID	2	@Desert_Star95 oh so you know how I feel then  Damn representative for bank of america tried to make it sound like I did it. What a b ...
ID	2	is tired and cold and runny
ID	4	@narain Dun wanna travel all the way there for lunch now. But yeah i have been there. Nice place. Missing Shan-e-Punjab though...
ID	0	Doing a mass cleanout of my room before rearranging it. Just sent mother out to buy me a bin and a bookshelf since mine sucks. Bad mood
ID	1	Doing a mass cleanout of my room before rearranging it. Just sent mother out to buy me a bin and a bookshelf since mine sucks. Bad mood
ID	4	@xMyLifesAStoryx rob got lucky that game he beat me 209-205
ID	0	feeling really sick  watching the fifth element, and about to smoke a cigg. ugh i hate colds!
ID	1	feeling really sick  watching the fifth element, and about to smoke a cigg. ugh i hate colds!
ID	2	someone save me!! i dont want to pack anymore
ID	4	home from school had the shitest day today
ID	3	@markiti The sweety sat on the table this morning...Just woke up! Very sweet! Oh...btw...I think i'll be home around 7 pm!!!  Xxx
ID	2	bruise on knee will make it hard to skate tomorrow.
ID	4	@hobosexual lol.  When I went to buy my new laptop in Feb., I already knew, lol, but I looked anyway and walked away sadfaced. :/
ID	4	Sitting by myself. Everyone took the good seats.
ID	2	NO FREE WIFI!?!? My vacay is ruined!!!!
ID	4	@sfannah Ahhhhh  Well at least I'm up to!
ID	3	@mattpro13 Maatt Havent spoken to you in ages dudeee  Dont forget bout ur Aussie fan  ;) lool. Love ya xx
ID	4	@DHughesy ME! oh wait wrong state
ID	3	Are u missing ur frnds ? Hear to &quot;Manasellaam &quot; From Kulir100 Degree movie. Its amazing !!!  Nanbargale - Miss u guys !!!
ID	2	Trying to sleep without any pills... Not working. 3am and wide awake. But now it's too late to take them because I'll sleep til 3pm
ID	2	Phone will die soon. What to do now? Oh no!
ID	4	Sorry was that mean
ID	2	Forgot my power cable at home today
ID	2	I can't sleep. I can't find my grandmother's quilt or locket. I'm sick at myself cause I may have lost them somehow. Or they were stolen
ID	2	@ZachMoore1 I thought I was going to see a pic of your clean car
ID	2	@hot30 i want to! but im not over 18 and t&amp;c says over 18's only  wanna make an exception for me ;)
ID	2	@ingridkerr No, but it does amazing things with keeping all your online conversations in one place... unfortunately that place is Google
ID	4	@rscheuer sorry, is only in spanish for the moment
ID	2	@ddlovato Yayyyyyyyyyyy!!!!! but thats sp far away!
ID	3	must clear out my DVR... getting rid of it tomorrw.
ID	0	Bummed that F! F! F! broke up
ID	1	Bummed that F! F! F! broke up
ID	2	@Sageey My public talk in July got canceled and I don't know why.
ID	2	Feeling so rough today, just want a cuddle and some sleep
ID	3	@cha_rade oh no the economy gotcha?  sorry but so happy that you got another one in LA!  Enjoy SoCal! Ahahaay! LOL
ID	2	@portugaltheman Where'd the songs go on the site, I want &quot;Do You&quot; on this computer too
ID	4	has had the flu pass unto me by andy...went shopping and got fresh chicken for chicken soup...but no d&amp;d this sat ...is a sad panda
ID	4	not well
ID	4	@Miss_Rain oh what the hell  way to tell me.
ID	4	@theblackestsea oh crap!!
ID	3	so carlie came over and she fell asleep on me
ID	4	@shaundiviney i didnt get the msg!! :'( but i bought princess
ID	3	Trying to learn how to do this &quot;twitter&quot; thing... I'll get there. Welcome to all my followers, though Im not that interesting
ID	2	first puppy gone 2 new home.
ID	4	I'm so unhappy being here. I hate it. It's affecting everything. My relationships with people, my personality, my attitude...
ID	4	There's Nothing To Do Right Now And I'm Tired But I Don't Want To Sleep. Cleaned Up Pretty Good, So Proud. At Least I'd Be A Good Janitor
ID	2	feeling extremally ill
ID	4	@Madush oh my... now im offended.  ha
ID	3	Off work, trying to relax for about 30 mins before I've gotta go back to sleep
ID	0	@StonedSteve yes it was good 2 see them laught at each other,,but that poor lad asking his mum &amp; dad 2 kill him
ID	1	@StonedSteve yes it was good 2 see them laught at each other,,but that poor lad asking his mum &amp; dad 2 kill him
ID	2	&quot;my name is Tony!!!!!! ...not hey!!!!&quot; -  poor tony
ID	2	back time.  I wish I was a teenager again. I wish I could feel healthy again. I can't remember what it's like to feel healthy anymore.
ID	4	The 3d version of Up sold out   regular version it is!
ID	2	@YEPNAYDEA I don't have ur #...anymore, I think!!
ID	4	@NickTheIntern my love!!! We still havn't done lunch together like we said we would.. I miss you my friend
ID	3	To all my friends: Im deeply sorry i'm moving, i will miss u all so very very much!
ID	2	Damn i have something to say and no one is listening
ID	2	@Jessicaveronica OMG YAYA!!! we put you #5 please not the end of the year
ID	2	I miss the old healthy me and I am loosing faith that I ever will be again
ID	3	@Jukie_08 hell yeah! i missed u last nite  lol do u like my opinion?
ID	2	gonna get off to try and catch some Z's, no more high school after tomorrow! which really sucks  i wish i didn.. http://tinyurl.com/lk9ag8
ID	2	Rawr and whatnot. I am having a godawful drawing night tonight... even less progress has been made than I expected.
ID	3	@allyycase suuure
ID	2	I miss my daily quotes! Why don't i get them anymore? @sschabowski am I kicked from your mailinglist?
ID	4	now aches &amp; chills have joined the party. Why couldn't the cold just go away? It had to get worse?
ID	2	@MateRiaLGirL1 I won't b hereeeeee. Imma b in georgia  and then I'm off to LA. Grrrrrr!
ID	2	@sensonize ohh sorry , thats someone else's pic  my bad
ID	2	Missed my train by 5 secs  yesterdaynight knijp, jaap &amp; flashback. Now sitting on the blisters. If you know what I mean. ;)
ID	2	Why am I still upppp????? LOL.  Work in less than 5 hours.
ID	4	bed. with stomach ache
ID	2	@Bam_Hall Is that why you aint answer my call? Thought we were homies!?
ID	2	gnite  Fukn Nite * wanted sum {pinga} but couldn't get any
ID	4	lappy charger is completely dead... conserving what's left of the battery until i can afford to buy a new one
ID	4	finally accepting the fact that all cute guys are taken
ID	2	Finally watched the rest of The Guild Season 2. I always feel so sorry (and hopeful at the same time) for your char, @feliciaday
ID	0	@GoblinZA Can't access your site!
ID	1	@GoblinZA Can't access your site!
ID	3	@craftjoshua I CAN'T!!! My heart aches for her children  I wanna adopt alexis
ID	3	@TicketChoice lunch was going home to rest...not well today
ID	4	@HazelAngeli @V0TR0N  too bad Vo got me sick I think  &amp; I don't even have meds to feel like you.
ID	3	Only one more day of Jay Leno  que sad!
ID	2	Just spoke to Keith Urban's record company, we can't get him on the show till we're back from holidays  sorry Jack, we're trying mate!
ID	2	Summer Glau to appear in Dollhouse next year http://tinyurl.com/mnrezc ... I still can't believe they won't renew TSCC
ID	4	Honza takes his flight back to the Czech Republic in the morning  I'm really going to miss him.
ID	2	@HoptonHouseBnB now theres a thought .... do you still get goldfish at the fair ?? not seen them for years
ID	2	@cocoy @mike_online That's the sad thing about it.
ID	3	ah thats better snow patrol! now to be stuck indoors  still weekend coming up and fresh air excellent hope its sunny!
ID	3	Good morning my sexy twitter how's yall doing??? I'm gd but it's like 7:49am n I still wanna sleep
ID	2	Oops, Corey saw my last tweet. I guess I'M not getting laid tomorrow.
ID	2	feels disappointed..mahirap talaga mag-supervise ng tao..  http://plurk.com/p/wxqwa
ID	2	I dont get twitter  Someone help me!
ID	3	up early again  loads to do- but the suns out, hurrah!
ID	0	Its so Fucking hot! Damn no air conditioning.
ID	1	Its so Fucking hot! Damn no air conditioning.
ID	0	@hillaryhatt I never liked that boy  Jerms!
ID	1	@hillaryhatt I never liked that boy  Jerms!
ID	3	@BevJack Babes it was sooo much fun!!  Thank you so much for making that happen!  Had fun with the ladies too!  Time went to fast.
ID	4	Matty is le tired.
ID	2	watching two of my patients die tonight has put me in a funk. one was young.
ID	2	The Aila Cyclone left my house in Calcutta with a broken sunshade, balcony and a huge branch of tree thru our bathroom window.....
ID	2	@hot30 guys why did paranoid drop out of the countdown?? thats so not fair  iv voted heaps for it!!!!!
ID	4	@NellaGrl not really having a good night... missing my little girl...
ID	4	Nite Tweeple.  Tomorrow will be day 25 at work.
ID	4	Ahh man up and getting ready for work  I wanna sleep!!!
ID	4	@JasmineCJones  I was just thinking the same thing! I love our morning chats! We totally need 2 live 2gether full time. Lol
ID	4	Wish I was at sri panwa now
ID	3	i wish i was at @angelcore's burning trees and trying on dresses...
ID	3	I just spent 2 hours playing TF2 and I don't think I'm any better at it than when I started.
ID	2	@tanyaDlove whats up? im sad  you didnt text today.
ID	0	this sucks i'm tweetless...and i f'n hate money, why does it have to be an issue
ID	1	this sucks i'm tweetless...and i f'n hate money, why does it have to be an issue
ID	2	have to wear my glasses today, cos my right eye is swollen and i don't know why
ID	2	@lizhodgins I heard your moving to Sydney next year im not happy
ID	0	dam it keeps rainin on me
ID	1	dam it keeps rainin on me
ID	4	wants to listen to musiq soulchild, but it is not on the iPod
ID	2	still has half a math worksheet, science WB pages + worksheet, and english to go! feels a sniffle and dry eyes coming along too.
ID	4	i miss seeing fireflies.....
ID	2	Never has a chance of sleeping before midnight  my mind is so tired......
ID	3	@KevinDavis1914  .... It was just alriiightt
ID	2	happy to b home .. then my mind wanders an I can't sleep
ID	3	i wanna be love drunk
ID	2	weebo is dying
ID	2	4 cases of swine flu!
ID	2	@relly1 Hopfully a quiet one @ home,,, No cash to do anything  Then u coming 2 the pub 2moz 2 watch the Pups???
ID	2	Got a flat on the way in today - Pot hole. Another thing to tick off the &quot;crap things that can happen in a week&quot; list
ID	4	@Brookeleeadams hang in there- health should be priority #1 right now! i do hate seeing good people get mistreated so i'm genuinely sorry
ID	2	@FrankieTheSats people are pathetic  how do u know some one is trying?
ID	3	@ColeDavid had  a little family party tonight   hope it rocked
ID	2	Complicated with a dream
ID	3	@ddlovato, ahhhhhhh so excited for july 21 (: ecxept stupid australia won't get it til like decembbberrrrrrrr  but stilll ahhh! congratss.
ID	4	Had a awesome time 2. Got2meet brandon rhyder! Unfortunatly i can't sleep n tomorrow.  back 2 the ole job. @pattymlt got my game face on!
ID	4	@Saresa And I feel your pain.
ID	4	2orw!!!!! Nooooooo I want to go back to Newcastle!!!!
ID	3	@kimberlymdg I had fun tonight! I'll leave you with this...Brandi Carlile will be in Dallas today.  We should just sneak into the show!
ID	4	bout to watch notorious cause that's how i'm feelin now. wish i could eat something, but i can't.  surgery tomorrow. no food til saturday
ID	2	meh, almost didn't sleep, ain't finished anything, I'm close to cancel the Dokomi
ID	2	Hospitals unnerve me  ~  waiting for the Doc, flipping thru magazines  ~
ID	2	Awake, no migrane (yey) but tummy is hurting, evil IBS
ID	3	@DHughesy ME! I wanted to go.
ID	4	@Jessicaveronica you guys gonna tour with Short Stack again? I missed your last tour  Me friend went and said it was mad!
ID	2	@rsuenaga im not at litle oven tonight
ID	2	wow i'm really reallly ill
ID	4	I'm going to miss Miss Suhana
ID	4	Why are the sinks in hospital toilets so low? Now the crotch of my grey suit is spattered with water! Just in time for Physio
ID	2	mary hates me again  i wana walmart it butno one wants to go
ID	2	is feeling really sick
ID	3	@MaritessDeLeon aww tessy wanna hug?
ID	2	My face an my arms. Tragic. Seriously.
ID	3	just got Up and going to get ready to go to meadowhall ;) can't believe my internet broke yesterday  GUTTED
ID	2	@andyclemmensen you didnt send me the text
ID	0	@MissMadalena err i think they're like 15 bucks a ticket cause its 3D too. too expensive
ID	1	@MissMadalena err i think they're like 15 bucks a ticket cause its 3D too. too expensive
ID	2	Damnit. I have run out of candy coated books.
ID	0	Omg grr my parents left probably 15 minutes ago to belgium and typical i wake up a stupid o'clock
ID	1	Omg grr my parents left probably 15 minutes ago to belgium and typical i wake up a stupid o'clock
ID	3	I am watching Blood + on veoh episode 19 love the music.wishing i could watch the live action but not old enough
ID	3	is it unny today or not? taking too long to decide haha. i wna get a tan
ID	2	tummy hurts
ID	4	I should go get a life. Sam just texted me 'Phuture tonight?'  http://sgBEAT.com/pic/81/
ID	0	Just watched The Goode Family premiere online... And I think this may be the last episode I watch. It's pretty amazingly mediocre  pass.
ID	1	Just watched The Goode Family premiere online... And I think this may be the last episode I watch. It's pretty amazingly mediocre  pass.
ID	4	sad that will have to leave my beautiful apartment
ID	4	@greco31 I've been trying not to think about that!
ID	2	sitting in school  sucks to be me!
ID	0	and this stupid wireless wont work downstairs
ID	1	and this stupid wireless wont work downstairs
ID	0	Change my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be N don't wealth that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~
ID	1	Change my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be N don't wealth that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~
ID	2	Ew I have creepy followers
ID	3	@Snuva Mmmmmm I love curry. Don't have an Oregan though.
ID	2	Insomniaaaaaaa..... all night trying to get a sleep... no luck... and now have to work
ID	4	Waiting on the bus! I miss my car
ID	4	says I'm still dreaming about that Nikon D60..erRr!  *ate, kuya **PLEASE** lang* huhuh http://plurk.com/p/wxrx5
ID	2	@Muhammad_Adel they didn't reply yet.. wait till they confirm.. in case somebody might have translated it already..
ID	4	It is kind of lonely when nobody will answer their phone.
ID	4	Rest In Peace  ADaM 12 &amp; GLeNN EPPS.... Gone but never forgotten... what a week ...Loud in da air 4 ya
ID	2	It was my baby bros last time singing in front of his school  im so so proud of him !!! but when did i get old  im only 22!
ID	3	@delta_goodrem should updatd her twitter
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/664oz - this is what happens when i have no models
ID	2	can't find Skins on the stacks, @milosundae  90210/The Hills? wdyt?
ID	0	Have to go to work  typical sunshine and deep sleep; stupid friday.
ID	1	Have to go to work  typical sunshine and deep sleep; stupid friday.
ID	2	I still miss him... And i dont think he's coming back
ID	4	is having the worst week, things really do happen in threes
ID	2	My tummy still hurts  another cubs game tom...goood night.
ID	4	@katrinalmoreno and im an idiot for missing their last show
ID	3	wth is happening with my neck. this is definitely not stiff neck :|
ID	3	Looking at old pictures... I love it &amp; miss the good ol days
ID	2	@TreverKeith come back to Perth     I missed the show here!
ID	2	My baby was so drunk I brought her home for an hour to pass out then carried her to the car
ID	2	@JonConnelly You can vote every 20 mins I'm on page 2   http://twurl.nl/hxux3o
ID	2	I can't find my ipod
ID	2	@allysonalfonso yeahh, yeah its the hifi lol. grr dads being a pain, he said if i dont find anyone to go with i cant go :@
ID	3	I just watched 7 pounds, maaaannnnnnnnn!
ID	4	@chuybe. you left me first .. and left your bed here for me to look at
ID	2	finally off to bed almost everything is packed gotta be up in about 6 hours to get ready for a double shift of work
ID	2	My throat hurts and I can't sleep.
ID	2	i pulled a muscle in my neck this morning just feels like its getting more sore
ID	3	Just finished The Minish Cap. It's a great game! I'll miss Ezlo and Link.
ID	4	Bike trail - 1, Miss J - 0, two front teeth - 1 1/2.. Hopefully! Vacations suck!
ID	2	@yahyan where did you go babe?
ID	4	Sadly I am bprohibiting myself from tweeting tonight. Sorry
ID	0	@anant24121986 it is so unfair that all the good rock shows happen only in B'lore and Pune
ID	1	@anant24121986 it is so unfair that all the good rock shows happen only in B'lore and Pune
ID	2	its raining  now my hair will gett all gay
ID	2	@JERI7YN aww you're going back to east coast again?i haven't even seeen you!
ID	3	missed all the awesome weather, because she was in a movie!
ID	2	Is feeling really bad about goofin' on @NinaParkerTMZ not knowing she really wasn't at the meeting! Dang I'm sorry! Me &amp; my big 'ol mouth
ID	4	@kesoleil Oh man, Did Yogg today. Worse than last week.
ID	0	almost everyone can suck my clit right about now. ive had it up to here with people fucking me over !
ID	1	almost everyone can suck my clit right about now. ive had it up to here with people fucking me over !
ID	2	@nassrenj I miss u guys too  I prob won't b bk til august sumtime... But if I come bk anytime b4 then ill 4 sure let u kno!
ID	2	Been up since 5am with my poorly sick baby girl
ID	3	so much fun at the beach today!  and delicious dinner at @kimbononowowo's house!! i friggin love Mark and Josh!! I'm gonna miss them!!
ID	3	just got back from school.  SHEMMS!! Summer class has been officially ended.  http://plurk.com/p/wxsgy
ID	2	worried about Mr. Socks tonight.
ID	0	says BAD TRIP! (angry)  http://plurk.com/p/wxshi
ID	1	says BAD TRIP! (angry)  http://plurk.com/p/wxshi
ID	2	@JAYOJAY I'm straining to hear but it's very hard from all the way over here.
ID	4	@anant25121986 it is so unfair that all the good rock shows happen only in B'lore and Pune
ID	2	The birds are out,, oh man... That's NOT cool &amp;&amp; I didn't sleep yet for the night!!!
ID	2	Worried about the reply after sending THE SMS to 78277.
ID	2	@yahyan where'd you go!
ID	2	Oh good God crampsss...
ID	2	Again working on the internet shop ... don't think we will achieve the goal of uploading by the previously set time   Will keep going
ID	3	I miss the concert Tuesday already. I'd really like a time machine to go see it again... It was so fun...
ID	2	Home early, yeh! work to do over the weekend, $%$#@!!!! not happy!!! so much 4 a big1
ID	4	cant sleep again! I couldnt sleep last night eather!  *Wabble Wabble*
ID	3	@cheri two macaroons go into a bar....one says oh your a nut.  wow I need to get out more.
ID	2	Ok hubby really isnt going to be logging off anytime soon  what to do what to do?
ID	3	hahaha yeah i see that. but he can't twitter me back
ID	4	have to stay away from home, and since this part of india dnt hav gud wireless internet, im fucked
ID	3	off to my Psychology class.
ID	4	Wookei why did you never accept my psn friend request
ID	2	Can't get the sound to work while on DVD. I was going to watch Mary Poppins.
ID	4	@davidaKaplan As do I  Leopold says hello.
ID	4	because my dad has the tv to loud. Then i get creeped out cuz im from a dodgy neighbourhood and there was someone in my bush.
ID	4	cant talk very well, just remembering about something once said to me...  not a good thing fucking bully nasty pieces of work arrrrgrrrrrr
ID	2	what am i gonna do when my iphone is full!
ID	4	@tiataquito you stop it
ID	3	Watching Jay Leno's 2nd last Tonight show   I haven't gone a day without Leno in like four yearss.
ID	4	just got home.. downtown was dead.. plus im kinda under the weather and i gotta get up for work tomorrow
ID	2	I honestly feel like I'm not healing or getting any better. This is not good
ID	3	#thingsmummysaid You need to learn to wash dishes and do laundry because I won't always be here to do them for you. She was right
ID	0	omg!!! mcdonalds combo and wendys sundae = puke material
ID	1	omg!!! mcdonalds combo and wendys sundae = puke material
ID	0	I really need to sort out a bird table and some feeders - the robins and blue tits are being bullied
ID	1	I really need to sort out a bird table and some feeders - the robins and blue tits are being bullied
ID	3	@TheKJA finished listening to Last Days of Krypton's audio book! Loved it...so sad though...
ID	2	Gotta a lot of work knocked out on the project but there's one feature that just refuses to work right. Can't release next version until
ID	2	tiiiired but i cant sleep
ID	4	Yesterday a friend of mine was thrown off his horse as a lorry drove past us, ignoring us signaling for him to slow down
ID	2	@DannysGhirl no sleeping for me im at work   it will be summer break soon. Tell them to get there butts out of bed lol
ID	4	Ready to go into work now.  cannot be bothered.
ID	0	But why do I have to spend it in the office
ID	1	But why do I have to spend it in the office
ID	4	I hate working nights, cos I'm not really able to enjoy this gorgeous weather, as I will be asleep
ID	3	i want candy!!!
ID	2	@TerrenceJ106 insomniac over here as well
ID	4	i really should stop relying on my family when they say their going to get me lunch
ID	4	Changed my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be N don't wealth that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~
ID	2	i lost mx way
ID	2	The computers and the Ethernet at school are so slow!
ID	4	@_erica I know right
ID	2	i wish people would leave jon &amp; kate alone  i really like that show
ID	4	@roshnimo yup .. sad eh .. Betty man .. it should have been betty
ID	2	very very bad headache that is getting worse by the minute not better.
ID	0	@MissMaryJ M Jizzle I need u to Hit me too, ugghh I'm sick of this damn phone! Like seriously!
ID	1	@MissMaryJ M Jizzle I need u to Hit me too, ugghh I'm sick of this damn phone! Like seriously!
ID	2	Here at work having lunch. A lot of work and not enough help
ID	0	@iamivanxxx That sucks to hear. I hate days like that
ID	1	@iamivanxxx That sucks to hear. I hate days like that
ID	4	@polyap POL! Is this song from a new album? I am really missing out on UdD!
ID	4	is tired of summer already
ID	4	feels really sick.
ID	2	Why am I having such a hard time falling asleep
ID	3	wishing i had marvelous misadventures of flap jack on DVD
ID	3	@MitchBenn Waah! You were in Aberdeen? F**K why do I miss all the best gigs?!
ID	2	someone has hacked into my emails!! fuck off!!
ID	4	@Trentskers Pfftt... I wish. Don't have time though.
ID	3	Dying to get my hands on the Diagnosis Murder DVD boxset but those pesky kids at Amazon still won't deliver to Zimbabwe
ID	2	Noones talking to me anymore
ID	3	@assembled ive been there before  haha
ID	4	Mom asking if I'm feeling better after dargah visit. Dad swears he sees +ve &quot;change&quot;.  I am amused.   But yeah, still depressed
ID	0	This train is so squeaky its givin me a sore head its bad enough i have to go to work!
ID	1	This train is so squeaky its givin me a sore head its bad enough i have to go to work!
ID	4	Their songs make me want to cry..
ID	4	@AshleyGofficial aww dont cry ashley
ID	2	@overlordtrainee Sigh. It is a sad, lonely profession.
ID	2	looks like the eprocurement e-mail address from office mate is blacklisted by IT here.. asking them to whitelist now.
ID	0	@Kikirowr Downside though is that you're breaking the thread.
ID	1	@Kikirowr Downside though is that you're breaking the thread.
ID	4	My siblings left me alone.   Bored. (:|
ID	2	Wow slept in with no dolidh here to wake me up
ID	2	@isilwenlinwelin i am public and can't get anyone to follow me
ID	3	i have the biggest headache right now, i washed my hair wif mum's shampoo and now it's gross  i like my shampoo way better
ID	4	In the bus... Almost an hour late because of my crappy alarm clock  should be in Leeuwarden at about 9:45
ID	2	ok deleted all messages and hope they don't come back!!
ID	2	@againtoday i'm hear ya dude, i can't either
ID	2	boo  rabbits pisses on people you know that
ID	4	I wish my grandmother had taken me to the US with her
ID	4	@noiselesssound I just heard that Regina girls song @ les deux! And I think u should/have 2 come back 2 mc! I miss u
ID	4	bummed i didnt get to see manchester orchestra bc it was sold out, i spent all night buying tv shows on itunes  lame
ID	4	Well thats me for the day, watching Panthers tonight beat the Saints (fingers crossed) cause there are no QLD teams playing this round
ID	3	@redframer123 I think they make you turn your phones off  I'll see what I can do!
ID	2	Walmart opening its first store in Amritsar tomorrow (of all places)...the horror..hoping its limited to wholesale
ID	4	@Krista_Watson I can't this weekend, sorry  And Steph is working.
ID	3	@oxygen8705 aww ty! s'just a bummer watching conversations
ID	2	I've had a sore throat since monday morning @joeyawesome...I'm just sick of it hurtin and I want some freakin sleep!
ID	2	Gha, off to work - hopefully traffic has cleared up by the time I get there!!
ID	3	Heading home now, yay! Was going to buy a much needed bottle of wine to drink with dinner, but my wallet is MIA so no wine for me tonight
ID	3	oooooh!  this guy is so amazing, he's so cute, and he sent me a photo!  and no...i can't show
ID	4	just got home. im so effin sad
ID	4	@lizz_xx cheer up lizzi there will b another foh hero concert   but still i suppose we can b upset  xoxoxo
ID	3	Just discovered a shortcoming of Gravity. When you use Twitpic (integrated) it doesn't subtract the pic URL from the 140 character limit
ID	2	@starlingpoet lol.. that's worrying
ID	0	The Taxi Q at Pelangi was super loooong.. and now I'm getting headaches because of the hot-cold transition
ID	1	The Taxi Q at Pelangi was super loooong.. and now I'm getting headaches because of the hot-cold transition
ID	4	@zackintoys Sadly, it doesn't  I was so hopeful after American Doll Posse, too ... it's just so blah and vacant of dynamic.
ID	0	@WoWInsider I would be playing my old rogue but a friend took the account and could not get it back
ID	1	@WoWInsider I would be playing my old rogue but a friend took the account and could not get it back
ID	3	Aw. The sky is weeping.
ID	2	just tried talking........voice died before end of sentence! Annpyimg thing id, i feel fine!! Another day of not playing the hits
ID	4	@MommaSalty ...that's a miserable afterparty report
ID	2	going to die from study overload this weekend. too much homework, with paying work to interrupt! i'm screwed
ID	4	Not excited of blowing out another candle today... [as when I was a kid!]
ID	4	sigh....it's always so sad when you watch the series finale....no more green wing left to watch
ID	2	@vivzy yeps...just for today though  I badly wanted to do some geek-shopping...
ID	2	I was just watching some cartoons as I haven't in years when I was eating my breakfast, the programs have changed
ID	4	Got the BrainBone daily question wrong!  - http://bit.ly/11dd2T
ID	2	Is sooooo tired... wants to crawl back into bed
ID	4	The fam back on the Big Island said the vog has been so bad that they can't see the ocean. Sad!
ID	4	A sunny morning in the Big K, with lawns to mow and a 2 mile to run to attempt, urgh
ID	2	why does IE have to be always a big problem
ID	2	@larrysullivan sorry i couldn't fit hal's name
ID	2	@someone Kills me to see you online and not be able to say hello
ID	3	@OXtravaganza and I was just gonna ask you if you wanted to go to CLUB Hidden House on sat night. hehe.
ID	2	thinks its annoying when i keep getting twitter error messages from my mobile
ID	2	@_shannon1234 Shannie im so sorry! didnt mean to upset you! i just thought you would find it cute  im sorry dont be sad!
ID	4	@USOuljah Ohh Emmm Geee. Souvlaki from Dimitris...I wanna go homeeee  LOL
ID	2	trying to get a sale in my job...
ID	2	Not excited of blowing out another candle today... [as when I was a kid!]   We gotta grow up soon or later...
ID	0	rah rah. youtube isn't working again. oh great
ID	1	rah rah. youtube isn't working again. oh great
ID	0	@BrookeAmanda that sucks  what bout kate
ID	1	@BrookeAmanda that sucks  what bout kate
ID	4	Wants milk
ID	4	@madeleinelaurin whys your cat in pain?
ID	4	aww my poor tank friend.    his guild is fucking him over after promising him main OT. he barely even gets to go now.  ;_;
ID	2	morning class  .. always late or bunk ... how can someone wake-up at 8! ...
ID	2	@aliwise is tweeting so much that she's not even paying attention to me!
ID	3	@LMA_xo My daddy lives in Manchester, I love it there :-D HULL?! :O bitch! I have a mate there and I wanna go
ID	4	@franksting yeah... it is very very dry down here
ID	2	What a busy day ... am disappointed that today's show is a repeat
ID	4	god it pisses me off that i always enter comps &amp; never win.I am such a sore loser
ID	2	jessie has gone away 4 the weekend!! I miss her already
ID	3	There is something wrong with me! I'm so tired I can barely keep my eyes open. Yet all I've done for the last 3hrs is toss &amp; turn in bed
ID	4	Cant stop loosing.  Worst month results ever... Bubble two times in a row.
ID	2	my HD is full. need to cleanup a lot
ID	2	@rockstargirl209 what happened?
ID	2	@viintagedresses aww poor Caity  :L add people n they will add you
ID	2	is very very tired  just want to sleep.  Stupid work getting in the way!!!
ID	4	Time for bed, oh how I wish someone was laying next to me
ID	3	I really wanted to watch Mary Poppins and sing along.
ID	2	I'm so sleepy my head hurts.  gnite lovers! See ya in that am !
ID	2	Theres a spider above my bed  calming my fears by listening to greeeeen day&lt;3
ID	2	Is. this. a. lie? FML. F uuuuuuu. I can be such a fool sometimes
ID	3	@captainboots  YOU'RE FAKING IT! Hahaha...I kid.
ID	2	@burnspank41 shit i hope theyr all wrong we need him
ID	2	There's a spider in my room. Save me...
ID	4	Today is going to be a normal day for I hope. We had a group of pilots from a large airline come in last night so it was too much drink
ID	4	OMG sore shoulder
ID	2	@JKeith1982 hmmmm, that's not nice... think you should take it back. I can't help it I'm hungry. No food in this office.
ID	4	@irkengir No. As a result, the salary is a decrease
ID	4	Can I get tonight's SYTYCD online anywhere...streamed like Hulu or paid like iTunes. I missed my favorite judge and now I can't sleep.
ID	0	lol my other tank/dps friend is having the same problem in a different guild.  wtf is wrong with this server?
ID	1	lol my other tank/dps friend is having the same problem in a different guild.  wtf is wrong with this server?
ID	2	an aston os my dream car but its wishful thinking
ID	3	@kellanator I don't mind Sam. But I liked Kate more.  I don't like Chris. He's smarmy.
ID	4	I feel sick..like don't wanna get out of bed, be bothered, don't go 2 work, turn da light off, pull da shades n tv off type of sick
ID	3	aw. nick got his heart broken.  poor baby. i love you!
ID	2	Been working lots of overtime this week. Only just realized I booked a half day tomorrow so this week will just break even
ID	2	what am l doing?? .....nothing much atm
ID	4	@yelainez  oist the 1st tym, di pa ko 18, the 2nd tym, may sakit na siya... don't blame me
ID	2	@dopeboySHAKE omg man  i'll pray for ya
ID	4	Why don't we close the library due to the great weather?  And the ac isn't working  #fb
ID	4	Time to do house chores! Ugh!
ID	0	my hsbc savings apy dropped to 1.55%. sort of feeling like pulling out all my money and keeping it underneath my mattress.
ID	1	my hsbc savings apy dropped to 1.55%. sort of feeling like pulling out all my money and keeping it underneath my mattress.
ID	4	getting ready for school.. reading what's going on on set in Montepulciano, and practically crying cause i'm not there
ID	3	@pourmecoffee I won my 5th grade spelling bee. Went down trailing flames on 1st word at county spelling bee  http://post.ly/geb
ID	4	missing Taylor like crazy  cant wait till he's back
ID	3	shattered! PWG botched his hybrid dolphin shirt order and sent him xl
ID	2	@mrskutcher All Pret-a-manger &amp; some marks &amp; spencers stores in the UK donate their food at the end of the day. Most lock their bins
ID	4	Had a good day till he twisted his ankle on his two mile run
ID	3	Can you believe it:Tomorrow Night will be Jay Leno's last episode of the Tonight Show  I encourage everyone to watch it and welcome Conan.
ID	4	@TerrenceJ106 yooo! Its rainin dumb hard out.
ID	2	i cant sleep
ID	2	@MooNooH I don't understand anything, HELP
ID	4	Changed my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be~~N I don't think it wealthed that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~;(
ID	4	@J2thaESSICA yeah dnt go there.. I have 3 dif apps on my phone for it  so sad but there is a reason as to why lol
ID	2	Homework. ew fml. Should I pull an all nighter? I think I'm gonna have to again
ID	4	Um k.. this is NOT Close My Eyes.. this song always makes me cry bc my mom is gone but I &lt;3 it anyway..
ID	2	Good Morning campers, I'm not a happy bear this morning, had an awful dream during the night, &amp; am v worried.
ID	4	@SmellTheCheese I know, that is so sad.  I
ID	0	damn another day at the office, the sun is bursting from the sky...and the women are eh well...back to the keyboard
ID	1	damn another day at the office, the sun is bursting from the sky...and the women are eh well...back to the keyboard
ID	2	@ihatecrayons i'm so fucking nervous!!!
ID	2	@quikness Waaaahhh! So sad     Let me know when ur next down this way!
ID	2	@kyza holy cute! Dexter has already lost his kitten face  gettin a chunky butt since we got back from qld too haha
ID	3	@TerrenceJ106  aww-that's my last one. Roo-Oop
ID	3	@ghozali actually I'd prefer a rum or gin but don't have have any as I've preferred them too much previously
ID	2	awwww, writing my resume's too difficult XD how do i tell them i've taken 10 different jobs and quit them within the span of two months?
ID	2	@yellowbag Hmmm, should have looked at it a little more methinks
ID	3	Bought a new combo printer at costco today (officejet j4550) cause it was cheaper than ink 4 old one. #windows7 doesn't like the fax part
ID	3	why do i have to wake up so early goddam?! 7.30 on my last day off  bummer
ID	0	Another Day gone by....  Have to wake up early again tomorrow
ID	1	Another Day gone by....  Have to wake up early again tomorrow
ID	2	valium makes you feel goood. i need more. i can't fall back asleep. i want my mommy
ID	2	I'm wake and sad  what the hells going on
ID	4	@dj_cm  Didn't drink enough for a hangover, just tired and over worked
ID	2	I don't think Jon and Kate should get a divorce, but I do think if they want to save their marriage they have to quit the show...
ID	3	@thomasfiss i think you should come tomarrow....because i was really really really looking foreword to seeing you.......please come?
ID	4	Just awoke in a completely freaked out frantic frenzy.  It's going to be a long night.
ID	2	Off to work I go
ID	2	@Nanava_3 U know - kids do what we DO - not what we SAY ... well, don't we all, really  ....
ID	2	@melisamelisa haha you have a better life than most. we should go get drinks again soon. jury duty has been boring
ID	4	where's enthusiasm in meeeee
ID	4	drinking some really nice coffee, got to go to the dentist at 9am this morning
ID	0	i'm so sick   bad throat and the WORST toothache.  good thing i work in a pharmacy.  load me up with drugs!!
ID	1	i'm so sick   bad throat and the WORST toothache.  good thing i work in a pharmacy.  load me up with drugs!!
ID	2	Hoping that this will just heal on it's own because anything I put on it just makes it worse. Owww
ID	4	@jessereed did u watch the day the earth stood still? did u not see my bye when u got d/c...  im sad i left 2 and now ur gone  ily&lt;333
ID	2	@forevertanoya awww dnt say that. I wanted to see it  how bad is it?
ID	3	@tifftiff88 what don't be sad?  Be glad. Your 21
ID	2	Apparently excessive heat is just as bad for a cold as excessive cold. My body is all blerg. My sofa is not comfy enough for my gaming
ID	4	#DepecheMode concert next week cancelled  Alternative date not known yet. Dave Gahan had a tumor.
ID	4	its 2:08 am. I CAN'T SLEEP!!!!!  i thought it was b/c im hungry, so i whipped up a pb&amp;j with milk. hopefully it works!!!!
ID	4	Only 1 tweet in the last 24 hours?  Nobody likes my tweetboard
ID	4	i'm so bored i can barely even tweet. i have nothing to talk about.  #boredboots
ID	2	@Radio702 Tshwane wants double rates but try and phone to get service - endless loop #fail
ID	0	@avrilchan never invite
ID	1	@avrilchan never invite
ID	4	my head is killing me, i keep sneezing, and i think my boyfriend fell asleep. greaaat
ID	2	@mcvie saying goodbye to something familiar never becomes familiar
ID	4	roughnight
ID	4	Tired. About to climb into bed and fall asleep. I hope this weekend will be fun... I only have a couple of weeks left
ID	4	Bad day, just got worse...
ID	4	@irkengir It is a recession
ID	2	On the bus goin 2 work but omg seriously im sooooo tired dont know if i'll survive the 8 hour shift
ID	3	@kevindavis1914 @taylorblack said no  ...she'll b @ home in 5mins to tweet u lol
ID	2	I am down  I need my snuggles but he is at work and he don't like to snuggle  ironic huh...
ID	2	gotta love how im waking home at midnite. dangggg pray for mr. im so jumpy
ID	4	@Meikah Hala, I do not know that one.  Shame on me.
ID	2	i need some hot green tea  I cant sleep  ....
ID	2	Test another update... sorry for bothering all of u guys
ID	3	Jus Got Hom Fr. TDa Funeral... I'm So Sad! I Cried So Much Times! Much Love Grandpa!&lt;3 I Never Got To Say My Last &quot;Goodbye&quot; to Him.
ID	2	mmkayy TOTALLY going to bedd now. i mean it!! im only gonna get 3 hours of sleep tonight
ID	2	@iancpalmer they don't use MSN either I don't think  and they are thousands of miles away so can't do it face to face
ID	2	@ErikVeland Dude... That sucks! Why would they tow it from your own space?
ID	3	Goodmorning yall! I woke up to early
ID	2	@busays12 dont undrstand malaysian busays.just english,tagalog at waray only
ID	2	cant sleep again! Been up for ages...
ID	2	Well I did run over a cat today (I know how sad) I cried and screamed my lungs out!!! I felt HORRIBLE, poor thing
ID	3	Done with my drew and jayk handmade gifts now watching old menudo vids
ID	4	2moro is the end of my stay @Grandmas to bad shes in NY Then off 2Ft Laud 4a weddin Florida is fun but i miss Home and Spike(car) lol
ID	2	ahh..my stomach hurts
ID	3	i really want a blackberry  my sidekick is hella wack. night
ID	2	Work, work, work
ID	4	@godfatherobie  I'm @ work and missed everythin yesterday but don't know wot? Anybody
ID	3	Google Wave looks cool. I should be working for these guys, I came up with some of these ideas years ago.  http://tinyurl.com/m77gp7
ID	0	Gday... Do you know if NHibernate has issues with COM Interop (VB6 &lt;-&gt; .Net Wrapper &lt;-&gt; .Net+NHibernate dll)? I'm getting crazy
ID	1	Gday... Do you know if NHibernate has issues with COM Interop (VB6 &lt;-&gt; .Net Wrapper &lt;-&gt; .Net+NHibernate dll)? I'm getting crazy
ID	4	fell asleep waiting for my ride!
ID	2	loved, but hated driving in pollution
ID	4	Today feels like friday. Too bad its not
ID	0	@stevecruzblog  It is so unfair, Hustlaball, US citizens working here, Personal Appearances Expectations, Prowler, can I do that there?
ID	1	@stevecruzblog  It is so unfair, Hustlaball, US citizens working here, Personal Appearances Expectations, Prowler, can I do that there?
ID	4	now im gettin a complex my followers are shrinking   want to make 100 b4 Sunday
ID	2	Can't sleep!!! People keep textin me!!!
ID	0	Changed my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be~~N I don't think it worthed that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~;(
ID	1	Changed my hairstyle,but it isn't good as it supposed to be~~N I don't think it worthed that much money..  hate that hairdresser~~;(
ID	3	kewl the JB chat was awesome. I had to miss lots of it though cause i had 2 go 2 skewl
ID	2	I hate the fact that I'm 4.5 hours away from you tonight and tomorrow we'll be 1946 miles apart  I wish you were here (
ID	2	@greentm  ... i have phone calls like that often .. different subject - same result of feeling beaten to pulp and left for dead
ID	0	he just fully yelled @me saying dnt be so fcking stupid grow up! stop with this band shit then... throws the remote at me thnks love u2
ID	1	he just fully yelled @me saying dnt be so fcking stupid grow up! stop with this band shit then... throws the remote at me thnks love u2
ID	3	Listening to some nice music.. I think I should go to bed now so I get nice and rested but i'll miss Russel Brand's Ponderland
ID	4	Has been underpaid  just when i really didn't need to be as well.
ID	4	@Adamastorlx ohyeahhh  hate the heat!  http://twitpic.com/665a2
ID	4	@sashaostrikoff i miss you
ID	4	Feeling bad that @muemerry didnt get to see UP
ID	2	Algebra test in three hours!
ID	2	Morning all: Looks like no Nintendo Gameboy phone
ID	4	Disappointment really sucks!  I'm getting used to it.
ID	2	@ Pretty_Mess you missed all the free shots
ID	2	@galaxydazzle okay thank you! i can't find it
ID	2	Oh no.... Trouble in paradice
ID	3	@SharktailYPP The red font up the top is very nice. But where did they put all the old entries?
ID	3	EXPECTO PATRONUM!!! ----- nothing happens..
ID	4	Season 1 of Lie To Me was serious. Damn, now here comes the wait.
ID	4	i mean monday take the test monday!!!! please o please !
ID	4	@SummerXoxo That's exactly how I feel.  I hope you start feeling better soon.
ID	2	Still awake can't fall asleep I'm not one bit sleepy
ID	4	My birthday is now over.
ID	2	going crazy, the pain is unbearable..&amp; i gotta wait till thursday!?
ID	4	at work and tired just want to go to bed
ID	4	@msalonen I feel like a Truck just hit me too! I also Resemble a man hit by a truck!
ID	0	@powertwitter Not a fan of the layout change of hyperlinks. I don't like the indentation and, well, I'm clicking and no link shows.
ID	1	@powertwitter Not a fan of the layout change of hyperlinks. I don't like the indentation and, well, I'm clicking and no link shows.
ID	3	Bout 2 lay iit down, got a head ache   @niariley we hangin tomorrow idont care wat u say lol..soooo dm me ur # &amp; imma hit u tomorrow k ;)
ID	2	@charlietotem just a concert i can't go to due to trials
ID	2	so sad about Mike Tyson's daughter.
ID	3	@marjorielu MISS YOU, TOO!
ID	2	@BeckyBuckwild do you ever respond to ppl?
ID	3	@trinsgarcia Yeah I`m okay. I couldn`t breathe for like 7 seconds.  I thought I was gonna die. Hahaha
ID	2	We're having an impromptu pool party... Except I don't know how to swim so I can't get in
ID	3	@ahhrjay useless tweet! LOL jk yay!!! You're coming tmr! How long u gnna be in phils for  ?
ID	0	My stomach is killing me do j can't sleep
ID	1	My stomach is killing me do j can't sleep
ID	2	My stomach is killing me do I can't sleep
ID	2	Holy shit it's super sunny, Friday and Whitsun, my tube is deeeesearted. Wish I was in the park
ID	4	@Jazzy813 I miss my neice  can't wait to see her bad n grown ass! Lol
ID	4	Holy shit it's super sunny, Friday and Whitsun, my tube is deeeesearted. Wish I was in the park  http://tinyurl.com/ns2l55
ID	3	I am soo happy! But frustrated at the same time!  :]  :S. Ohh noo!!! Britney is recording her new video for Radar!!!  Sooo ExxCiiTeed!!!
ID	3	BOOYA!! Sup Tweeps!? Happy inFAMOUS day to you all, off to get it very soon. Can't wait to play, need to find some more time though
ID	2	@erikamodina Yeah ! I downloaded her whole album. :&quot;&gt; THE FAME ! I miss you taking care of me  Hahah !
ID	2	Scary guy on colbert...
ID	3	@TerrenceJ106 I'm up wit cha!! Just got home from da reggae club, wishin I was sexin somebody!!!
ID	2	not so good mood..
ID	4	Ugh talk to me someone  I'm really bored.
ID	0	@digicho I'm inclined to think it's stupid.
ID	1	@digicho I'm inclined to think it's stupid.
ID	2	@dancinqueenie Morning! I have loads to do 2day  goin for a walk 1st to get rid of last nites haribo's
ID	2	Where's a bridge when you need one?..... FUCK!
ID	2	I think I might have to break down and purchase some from the US just because I donot know what to call it over here
ID	4	Sleeping on the streets of nyc for a celebrity...nothing new. Wish i had a huge blanket though
ID	4	have a splitting headache!
ID	4	OMG. Period cramps are FTL. So much pain.
ID	2	shady's making me  Trying to code something, if you know php, HELP!
ID	3	@AroundHarlem that reminds me, i need to pick up a mask 2mrw. Thanks  I prefer not to take meds because i will b addicted
ID	0	Hates untalented bitches being mean to my talented friends
ID	1	Hates untalented bitches being mean to my talented friends
ID	2	I have to goto work now ahhh kill me  my life isn't going the way I want it too atm. Ta ta kids x
ID	2	feeling lonely,DH on night shift all w/e
ID	4	@shortstackband grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
ID	0	Arghhh So annoyed-yet again gone 2 starbucks &amp; given skimmed milk instead of soy milk!! I can't have milk so hav 2 throw away! Expensive
ID	1	Arghhh So annoyed-yet again gone 2 starbucks &amp; given skimmed milk instead of soy milk!! I can't have milk so hav 2 throw away! Expensive
ID	2	@lisisilveira   I sent my donation to #Eric and wanted to put the banner on, but my avatar disappeared when I tried ~
ID	2	confused on why and how people pose as others on twitter. I mean they really do their homework on peoples lives to imitate them. it's sad
ID	2	@Emsy Twitter's being mean w/ the pics lately! Stole mine for an entire day!
ID	0	@markbuchholz the non-Europers managed to dump the sun here! its gonna be a hot time now!
ID	1	@markbuchholz the non-Europers managed to dump the sun here! its gonna be a hot time now!
ID	2	@onmammaz ugh! I have a knee injury too, except mine is just an infected cut that hurts like hell
ID	4	Using tiffys computer...it feels different from mine... the touch is different.
ID	2	@pkBLGdonahue he's not logging in yet.  and i doubt if he will check his his replies here in twitter. but we must keep on trying!
ID	4	Bummed out I am missing a rock climbing trip next week
ID	4	Stuck in some shitty traffic! This day is going to be crap
ID	4	sick to my stomach.. and i have a headache.. i wish someone could come rub my temples.
ID	2	I just really want to sleep butmy eyes won't let me
ID	4	Not a good start to the day left my money at home . So i'll hot a day me looking for free carparks
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/665e9 - i miss this place
ID	4	@deathnerd ah man, that's sucks.  What happened to it that's prompting a reinstall?
ID	4	@Farctum Oh poor thing  Hope it's easily sorted out. (and not too expensive!)
ID	3	on that note - i do not feel missed.
ID	2	Has been rejected
ID	2	@linojoelsap still got one more year with t-mo tho  I might just get a new bb curve. Not too concerned abt apps. Batt life is important
ID	4	@Lil_maggie you okay? i miss you @tanyadenalilove im sad you didnt text todayh
ID	2	@andyclemmensen Me too  @shortstackband haha I did but have no credit
ID	4	#3wordsaftersex it hurts now
ID	4	Heavily medicated but can't sleep. Ugh...
ID	4	Grrrrr fuck. Just remembered that I'm doing the later shift today, so not at work for another hour! What a wasted lay in opportunity
ID	2	is getting a cold    *cough, oink, cough*
ID	3	Is dreading going to work  BUT....its friiiiiday!! whoop!!!
ID	4	@DontLetGo14 at home  im so lonely here...
ID	2	I am in school. Absolutely I have been sick .. I want to go home - we are writing of geography, the best it will
ID	2	ok so i'm a lil happier now.. i hope i fixd my emails.. hope they weren't hacked although it seemed really suspicious!!
ID	4	what is love!? baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more. I WANT TO WATCH 'NIGHT AT THE RUXBURY' RIGHT NOW!!!!
ID	2	I'm frightened that zombies are going to attack me.  i don't like scary movies.
ID	2	@kyluhtoots oops. Cy's place is too near. Trouble for me.
ID	2	sad that she didn't get to see Rica before she leaves later today..
ID	2	@JohnGunders I want Ulead back, it was awesome and it worked. But unfortunately it's only for PC
ID	2	my internet income project has got a BIG problem today.
ID	3	I just want somebody to love, and who loves me. I think and day-dream about about that CONSTANTLY.
ID	0	This is exactly y I hate driving thru dandy - sittin at lights next to a car of asians who r callin out to me &amp; 1 held up a knife  scum!
ID	1	This is exactly y I hate driving thru dandy - sittin at lights next to a car of asians who r callin out to me &amp; 1 held up a knife  scum!
ID	0	@AravindJose thanks dude. Being a low level business man its hard to get normal credit cards..also our place is not listed with any bank
ID	1	@AravindJose thanks dude. Being a low level business man its hard to get normal credit cards..also our place is not listed with any bank
ID	2	@Humangummybear Doodle whats wrong?
ID	3	Walking to work on a gloriously sunny day. Going to be a good weekend in which I will burn as always even with suncream on  #fb
ID	2	Morning. Panic. Clicked a link and opened up my browser. Firefox, what have you done with all my saved tabs??? Gone! That'll learn me...
ID	2	just going into school 2 get some spanish CDs &quot;sigueee&quot; haha. Then guess what my plans are .. studying all day again!
ID	4	Its too early
ID	2	When the weather's... ugh, something like asthma. So, yeah, Ventolin.
ID	2	i need a good idea... FAST!
ID	2	it seems my phone is dying!  boo!
ID	4	My computer is being killed by a combo of mirrors edge and really poor win7 thermal management...75c gpu = one sad game
ID	2	this weather makes my fingers numb / still waiting
ID	0	@jaysun093  yes it is. Sucks don't it
ID	1	@jaysun093  yes it is. Sucks don't it
ID	4	@Kingsrockandrol I'm a bit down zoe cos I'm off to bed soon, so I will miss this gorgeous weather, were having  what you up too today? X
ID	4	My tummy hurts  go away cramps! I hate chuu!!!!
ID	2	@irascian ach, probably not... they are labeled as MI-5, which I believe was the name used when they aired on BBC America
ID	3	I wanna go to DBSK oppa's Mirotic Concert in Thailand!!! I REALLY WANNA GO SO MUCHHHHH...    *burst into tears*
ID	2	Need to come up with another blog post today. But for now, I AM SLEEEEEPPYYYYYY!!!!!!!!
ID	3	@joanne7964 yeah I was like oh oh oh yeah that's it but then she said no  lol bummer
ID	3	@mimiwinfrey i wish i could find my camera cause i really wanna record some too...
ID	3	@rettema &quot;might be interested&quot; - thanks, I was: I came, I saw, I winced..  too much like Flatland http://bit.ly/12f0y
ID	2	A day of administrative jobs
ID	2	Spring cleaning episode 2....do I really have to
ID	2	i was awake 7 hours ago, should have checked twitter
ID	2	Ahh! my right kidney hurts soooo bad!!! Ooommmmggggg!!!!
ID	3	worked out tonight, had to work off the Cheesecake I ate todAY. To all the pple who are on a diet.. DON'T QUIT! It's not worth it
ID	2	Blehckk ! my cereal is yuck  why does it taste sour ?
ID	4	i lost my voice . what should i do ? it's very torture
ID	2	Did 2dives w/ Oceans Deep Dive. 10m vis, no sun, no colours. Dynamite fishing has done it's toll on the reefs.
ID	4	it's pretty cold outside  today i got another exam...
ID	2	Shen computer just broke  Time to get the old IBM out...
ID	3	@ThatPaigeKid haha so your having father daugter bonding time? Lol anyways I g2g work get on msn later I'll be bored  x
ID	2	Hate washing my hair! Because then it has to be dried &amp; straightened.  And then i find the grey hairs in the middle layers of my hair
ID	2	Now I need to change my monitor
ID	0	why the fuck am I on twitter!!!
ID	1	why the fuck am I on twitter!!!
ID	3	I love music so much that i've gone through pain to play :S my sides of my fingers now are peeling and have blisters from playing so much
ID	4	@Lmhustle4life Shit none. But yea last weekend was crazy, i think i partied to hard, thats why im sic.
ID	4	@itstayloryall Im so sad we missed you at Family Reunion!!
ID	2	@Kikirowr Aww, why not?
ID	2	is envious of people not in long-distance relationships...she's all mushy with no one to cuddle.
ID	2	Omg... Prison break... The final break. The two episodes that only aired in the uk. Wow. Watch them if you haven't. Soo sad. Tear
ID	2	Muay Thai was awesome. I'm gonna be sore in the morning! I feel like being bad and eating junk tho
ID	3	All this talk of buttershots has me wanting some!  Maybe I'll have a small bit over ice, I haven't had any since faire.
ID	0	On way to exam, very very nervous  bah
ID	1	On way to exam, very very nervous  bah
ID	2	not happy with my 5:45 wake up call this morning  ... she's going to be grumpy later!
ID	3	@westonbuck i want a zune but i looove my pod  hahah
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/665jw The racoons ate our bread!
ID	4	@1825remnant, i missed everyone tonight
ID	4	Ugh our two week push to produce a six pack has produced nothing but pain!
ID	3	standing here open hands and i know i can't do this alone hold on, hold on, baby, hold on...geeez
ID	0	is tryna find her a 30 yr old junt with a 401 k, stable job, good home with an extra room 4 me and my baggage..so tired of u young dudes
ID	1	is tryna find her a 30 yr old junt with a 401 k, stable job, good home with an extra room 4 me and my baggage..so tired of u young dudes
ID	0	Dang you internet. . . Its been down all night. . .
ID	1	Dang you internet. . . Its been down all night. . .
ID	2	:| Yikes,  ants are everywhere in the house.  Ants scare me
ID	0	@bb_nation just launched twittix v1.10 - not convinced
ID	1	@bb_nation just launched twittix v1.10 - not convinced
ID	3	@melkoo If it is any consolation I got my BMI tested hahaha it says I am obesed  well so much for being unhappy for about 10 minutes.
ID	4	ooh i feel so sleepy... its 10:24 a.m. and i dont wanna go to school 2day  but i have to...
ID	4	@love2reed thx girl! I just now woke up! I cnt believe I'm sick!! Now I have a fever... Wish I could pound nyquil  This sucks.
ID	2	its at 3 am, im very tired but i can't sleep
ID	4	@donald_jackson already there's none left  back to cabbage soup
ID	4	Wrong button  ... My music biz building that is.
ID	2	@r4nt penis.  @shdwtrev i hope you made sure it's okay. D:
ID	4	having the flu, not the swinish-one, but the flu.
ID	4	really annoyed that work appear to have blocked facebook now...
ID	2	@hermorrine Yeah I've noticed  I miss Spender. But you were closer to him. How are you holding up?
ID	2	looking at the sunshine out of my office window
ID	0	im gonna die of a heart attack one of these days, if i keep going off to bed this pissed.  GGGGGGG'NITEEEEEEEE
ID	1	im gonna die of a heart attack one of these days, if i keep going off to bed this pissed.  GGGGGGG'NITEEEEEEEE
ID	2	@ashmart miss you
ID	2	i'm lonely.  i need some hug.
ID	0	How freaking cold is it out in Sydney tonight...
ID	1	How freaking cold is it out in Sydney tonight...
ID	4	its friday!  well, technically anyway...but its really thursday for me.  dang having to work saturday mornings
ID	4	20 mins from BEJ to Semanggi. Traffic on Friday  *siggghh*
ID	2	Trying to get to sleep but my migraine is getting in the way
ID	2	Off to get ready for toms..  gotta go make sure he's not done anything stupid  ill tweet later.
ID	0	woke up from bad dream.  grrrr
ID	1	woke up from bad dream.  grrrr
ID	2	@yukihoang and of course it happens on the day I got a carwash.
ID	3	@amyypee LOL i know! i only get to read it sometimes though cos my dad always chucks it out before he gets home
ID	0	Any city person want to trade n live in the country? House comes w racoons n skunks livin under deck. *sigh*
ID	1	Any city person want to trade n live in the country? House comes w racoons n skunks livin under deck. *sigh*
ID	2	anticipating a tough day ahead
ID	2	@sarahlchu  poor you lmao, just stick your head out the window!
ID	2	Grrr... why can't I fall asleep
ID	2	My head hurts
ID	2	I just managed to stab a piece of bhuja (hot, of course) into the roof of my mouth. Blood everywhere - well, at least in my mouth.
ID	2	is jealous of his family  their all having an amazing breakfast and all i get is rice crispies
ID	2	@siskack what?? can't believe it
ID	4	@AyeBloodyRight Taking the souls of your friends and family and watching them die is a nightmare. Trust me
ID	2	Ugg. Unpacking sucks
ID	2	@andyclemmensen aww haha, i want one but can't get one coz u dun  have my number
ID	0	I hate it when this computer screws up and decides not to play sound on videos
ID	1	I hate it when this computer screws up and decides not to play sound on videos
ID	2	REALLY want to go to an old friend's party tonight, but I have fakeflu. That and alcohol probably won't mix well.
ID	3	@LishaKatherine i hope your doing great! I, your friends, and california miss you!!!
ID	2	@shaundiviney i got a messgae but it didnt work cause i have a text saver not like money credit  im sad now. wat do i do?? xoxo
ID	4	missin my bro..
ID	4	@DarynJones Your youtube account is down.
ID	2	im back to this z-index problem...again
ID	3	@sueveeyall Haha, I wish I could
ID	4	still sick  @ Home http://loopt.us/iArPRg.t
ID	4	not feeling too great today
ID	2	Am in the place called 0UT OF NOW WHERE!! Take me out from here, somebody  http://myloc.me/1XRI
ID	3	Warwick Castle http://snurl.com/izzau Amazing!  Off to Devon for a week...no internet, no updates
ID	4	i hate that feeling you get when you listen to a song and it completely reminds you of how things used to be &amp; you get emotional
ID	2	I want to ride my bicycle today, but it's too cold and cloudy today
ID	3	@ScottRhodie I wanna be drinking at the pub
ID	4	you ever come across something that reminds you alot of the one person that completely broke your heart? cause i just did
ID	2	Up already  Nooooooo!
ID	4	Ria got a a G1 phone and im jealous
ID	3	Up early this morning, first to portmeirion then home
ID	3	@DoeMarley SOMEBODY ACTUALLY TOLD ME THAT!!  LOL
ID	2	Have a golf ball sized swelling on my ankle and it's turned black and blue.
ID	4	my party is wiped out they be all dead and stuff
ID	2	@LydiaCaesar why have you still not called me back regarding the groundbreaking production i sent you earlier
ID	4	@Branwen6277 I'm better today.  Yesterday was really hard.  It's still just so unbelievable.  I miss him, too... and probably always will.
ID	2	I only hve 9followers
ID	2	I should be sleep. I have to wake up soooo early
ID	3	good morning people !! in good old germany is it soooo cold
ID	2	@weelissa p.s. Dead like me was awsome. Loved that show  missed the last 2 episodes tho ?
ID	3	@sunnyphoenix there was like no1 there n tha DJ comp was hella wack... no gud DJs  but got in free so its all gud
ID	2	@phenryss What's wrong?
ID	3	just fed three very hungry stray kitties three cans or tuna. i hope they stay warm and safe tonight
ID	2	t'internet on blackberry fooked so no checking of the tweets and whether phill has taken up my request
ID	4	is lonely in need of company
ID	3	is finally gotten online after logging 200km over the last two days on errands as the family driver  http://plurk.com/p/wxz12
ID	2	Wondering why it's so cold - the skylight is open - I left the gas on this morning
ID	2	home form school...its a long weekend  most ppl would be happy but im not...im still mad and sad about him
ID	2	I can't go to sleep until tech support emails me back
ID	2	@Debblues didn't know you folks were there, sorry.
ID	2	Youtube's tubes appear to be clogging up somewhat today, connection errors a plenty.
ID	4	@dameenrouge I have been to Tara Thai a few times for friend's birthdays and the food I had was pretty bad.
ID	2	@aprilholle hmm. grows. in this case i am screwed. i can't even keep the &quot;easy care&quot; love fern alive.
ID	4	hates continually getting sick whenever he has exams
ID	4	I want to ride my bicycle today, but it's too cold and cloudy today  http://snipurl.com/izzsn
ID	2	i have the song here comes goodbye stuck in my head not a good song to be singing considering my situation
ID	2	I went green yesterday and I was out so I missed it  do I get another certificate????
ID	2	Heading to the hospital to sort out my back, not looking forward to this
ID	3	im gonna go to bed alone again.  Sad day for me. but itll get better.
ID	2	is ready for a productive friday. one of the last of the year
ID	2	is sick &amp; tired of being sick &amp; tired
ID	4	stupid weather
ID	2	Just found out one of my ankles is swollen...eeks now it hurts
ID	2	I had the worst dream ever: the Lakers were losing 11 : ZIP  &amp; Courney Cox had a mohawk wtf.
ID	4	Why cant a girl just like me for who i am and not whats in my walet?
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4sx96 - before they put a CAMERA in the smokers pit.  i can no longer vandalize that door, without being caught.
ID	2	@minauderie @oxygen8705 Totally broke is right. I have to wait till Monday to get paid though! BOOHOO!
ID	3	Getting ready for work and the sun is shining, plus it's the w/e! Bgt tonight..... what am I gonna do after it's finished?!
ID	2	@bekimccabe true that! don't know why i bothered this morning cos I just put it up in a pony soon as I got to work anyways
ID	2	@songbookbaby lol. u got AC right? u know it's getting chill here again...  n its gona rain tmr
ID	2	not looking forward to dress shopping tomorrow. so afraid there's no way i'll be able to get what i want
ID	3	Cape Town was spitting all morning - now that im behind this desk; the sun comes out...perfect timing
ID	2	@Amara_angel I cant i dont have mms  but i will waer it nexxt time i see you
ID	4	Good Morning, it's beautiful here today. Shame I'm going to spend most of the day being an unpaid taxi driver.
ID	3	Ahh feels good to have played guitar hero after months! I suck at it now but  haha
ID	2	just got on twitter. no friends to add!  none of my friends are in twitter
ID	4	@overshootTV Thx! Old computer here, too slow for both Kubuntu and Blender really.
ID	2	@xcharlotteyx Awww it's still not the same  I'm going to have a look though.
ID	2	vmware fusion seems getting slower and slower
ID	0	Waiting for my driver! Hate to wait!!!!!
ID	1	Waiting for my driver! Hate to wait!!!!!
ID	4	Why Telstra Why do you are biggest Teleco have to be so greedy  we need fast Internet and NO Download Caps!
ID	2	Gudafternoon twitter followers.. Hey m giving u chance now to help me get a gud placement.. m still maintaining a jobless profile... ;(
ID	4	@Velf79 Missed you last night hon
ID	2	@colocelt My man, its like 3:30 in NJ. I have classes to worry about again
ID	3	wishes she would call him ...   *hc*
ID	3	@soscandalous love you ::hugs:but i'm not seeing anything...wondering if i'm doing something wrong)
ID	4	@ab_normal Shucks!  Sorry!  Sometimes I get wrapped up in FB and forget to check  how you doin'?
ID	2	I caaaaan't sleep.....it's 3.30am! wahhhh... i wanna cry
ID	4	And apparently I misplaced my iPod, the 30 gb
ID	3	@gnoserif FANTASTIC IDEA.. you the man! but I'll end up all lonely when the tourist goes home
ID	4	very disappointed in him    gonna have to sleep it off....
ID	2	Is also having a lonely night.... Wishing she could go to Audun's so that she doesn't have that bad dream again...
ID	0	A central lesson of history is that States are parasites which always expand until they destroy their host population. - Stefan Molyneux
ID	1	A central lesson of history is that States are parasites which always expand until they destroy their host population. - Stefan Molyneux
ID	0	@she_shines92 aww that sucks
ID	1	@she_shines92 aww that sucks
ID	4	4am foodshopping cause I was sick all day and was in hospitals  being alone blows
ID	2	wondering where all the money i earnt this financial year has gone... i can account for like 3 grand but wheres the rest
ID	4	@heavenlykevinly You go to sleeeeeeepz
ID	2	@arielleGore I so dont  And wtf. Whatthefuck. REALLY? Really? Are they trying to kill me? But i might be... Depends...
ID	2	I just lost a fight against @hangy on Tweefight. I lost  Please revenge me! Try now http://tweefight.com/?opp=hangy
ID	4	is seriously heartbroken!!!
ID	0	@dragonflyeyes nick's voice still makes me wanna kill things
ID	1	@dragonflyeyes nick's voice still makes me wanna kill things
ID	2	@tonibraxton Will you ever come to SF Bay Area to preform, i feel left out
ID	2	oh! i think i didnt do well on my photo editing for Db!  sorry :|
ID	2	Aww sad @Ruthiexo09 now  stupid crapped up phone and deciding that you would go and screw yourself up and never again work arghhh
ID	2	start work 2 moro at 6:30.  not looking forward to it
ID	4	@NellaGrl ...being lonely all the time.
ID	3	@thoughtmecca still on track to move back, albeit in 2-3 years.  However, my buddy Jen is now moving with me, so we're on a FAST track!
ID	2	God the weather in London is ammmmazing! Yet I'm on a train half the day
ID	3	Ok so I did shed a few tears watching the preview for next weeks Medium. I'm so scared. I'm so addicted to this show. I love it
ID	2	Going to see Angels and Demons tonight. It better not scare me!!
ID	2	Having horrible nightmares not gonna go back to sleep
ID	4	@drinkins I'm suffering from the Internet that works bad, only sites hosted on russian servers are available for me
ID	2	is trying so hard to not worry and be at peace despite her circumstances, but wonders why some christians are the ones making it so hard.
ID	2	i wish i had more chicken wings
ID	3	My life what a beautiful morning, i can think if no better way to ruin it than by being at work
ID	2	Selling 10jaffa race tickets. My friends are so heartless they wont even buy one
ID	2	I feel like I'm on alott of drugs
ID	2	asks can someone pass me some load. :| Kahit 2 pesos lang.  http://plurk.com/p/wxzyr
ID	2	ahhh fusterated
ID	2	I think I should hire one of those tranlsators.. because no one ever understands me....
ID	4	ouch  epic bruise between my toes and a lump just under my ankle  bad times
ID	4	Epic ocd moment? I deleted my sims file that i spent hours building just because i set his favorite food wrong
ID	2	@MrDix ugly. What programmes do you have open?
ID	2	massive headache. argh
ID	2	It's so hard to settle on a name
ID	3	Oopsie, the origami box I just made looks like a strawberry! should I be allowed to teach?
ID	4	Heading home. Could really have done without banging my head on the way into the bus
ID	2	@AlexAllTimeLow awww that is very sad.  I sawwy
ID	4	also i hit my chin on something when i fell down and it hurts  ugh... work is gonna suck
ID	2	feels sorry every time I'm printing out, I use like 200 new papers
ID	4	Doing uni work all weekend. Fun times
ID	4	@_enzo blech... thats a fail when you're receiving dollars. I quoted a job in USD last month. i'm getting paid now = major losses
ID	4	@aliwise TMZ HARVEY LEVIN, OR TYPE....TMZ IN ...FIND PEOPLE   ~~~~
ID	4	First time I'm going home early  sucks to b single no one to call
ID	3	wish my nicky were home too
ID	0	@chuybe again your fault  i didnt make u leave
ID	1	@chuybe again your fault  i didnt make u leave
ID	3	i really want to marry leighton meester. damn, can`t take my eyes of her.
ID	2	@mosapp just say no reeesee cup
ID	2	Ill in bed my stomach is killing me
ID	3	hmm..Osaka. Last show today.Very sad  . i can decode ur msg ;) haha cant wait till u get 2 Sydney ;D i missed out on tickets tho :o xx
ID	4	@veronicasmusic When are you guys coming back to do a tour in Oz? I missed you when you were here earlier this year   Made me sad
ID	2	@menace718bk Bummer I know   LOL  I actually do more partying when i am in school then out of school..I think it somehow helps me..hahaha!
ID	2	Housemate saw Angel &amp; Demons last night, but left me at home. Was looking forward to seeing that  Wanted 2 reminise http://bit.ly/qFsAg
ID	2	And it's starting to get cold
ID	2	@mikusi gawd. People still remember the preggers comment. Hate you!
ID	4	hmm. I'm disappointed. I made 2 servings, and I am only able to enjoy one because my stomach is now full  wishing I had company to help.
ID	2	@iFollowMike ugh I'm not doin too good
ID	2	Whyyy am I still awake when I have to work at 8?! This is not good
ID	2	really thinks wee callum should of got through last night
ID	4	its taking foreverrr for @jess_0000 to get here  im bored..
ID	2	I had my hair cut today and my boyfriend didn't notice....
ID	0	I'm pretty sure Isis has a tapeworm.  So she's allowed to snuggle with me all she wants tonight.
ID	1	I'm pretty sure Isis has a tapeworm.  So she's allowed to snuggle with me all she wants tonight.
ID	2	Did not feel like getting up
ID	4	is very cold
ID	2	Gone r the days wen we used to sit 4 exams.. no more exams, no more classes, no more bunking n no more fun..
ID	2	its at 3 am, im very tired but i can't sleep  but i try it
ID	3	@Jessicaveronica MARRRRRRRRRRY ME! &lt;3 have fun partying tonight, have a drink for me, if only i was 18 i wud come there just to see you!
ID	4	what a waste of lives ... http://tr.im/mLou
ID	4	@mjh81 I know man, my day off and am pulling myself out of bed
ID	0	got such sore feet
ID	1	got such sore feet
ID	2	@Wykrzyknik uff, ble litt trist av  lese den siste tweetsen din  the challenge prooved too be tough!! :'(
ID	2	i cant find my itouch for the 64577 billionth time n i need it to sleep
ID	4	@yenbearr yis  i ryke it.
ID	2	Back from A&amp;E, very nice Doctor diagnosed ligament damage, she felt I could still do my 5k run, but it might take me 10 days to heal
ID	4	I'm havin the stupid stomach pain again &amp; again... Today is my outing with SPH frenz &amp; my stomach nvr fails to dissappoint me. Haiz
ID	3	@Roberto958  awwww  thanks for follwin me thou. lol
ID	4	if not impossible
ID	2	Son's 15th Birthday this weekend.Taking him out for a Mexican meal and a major game buying spree.I miss the Lego days
ID	2	@AmalSyazwani i shorry bebeh  it okeh ada one more chance.
ID	4	boo for all the season finales..
ID	2	Certain tweets I write are on the spot messages for a person, group, or pornstar, and those tweets usually get deleted within the hour
ID	2	cavs got lucky 2night  lol but lebron took over and killed em another triple double
ID	4	@OpheliaPunk nothing  it's sad, actually
ID	3	using my brothers G1 phone.. love it! driving to vegas... my phone died this morning and my charger broke
ID	3	huhuhu still working to get new clients in motion graphics
ID	2	Rain rain go away
ID	2	Fucking typical. GH:M arrives just as I leave for work. It's going to be a long day
ID	3	Is constantly listening to the @Jonasbrothers song Fly with Me...b/c it's the cutest song...&quot;Peter Pan &amp; Wendy turned out fine&quot;
ID	4	@Vzzzbx I'm glad/sad that it's not just me/my iPhone  #badoptus
ID	2	Bout to knock out. Feelin a lil sick  peace y'all
ID	2	Just got home after walking the dogs.  Very humid in Kaneohe.  No AC in my home    Ceiling fans work!
ID	2	@Cadistra NOOOO I'll miss you too much!  I went stag to my prom and all the high school and middle school dances, if that helps. &gt;_&gt;
ID	0	FUCKSAKE i shouldn't smoke so much stuff.
ID	1	FUCKSAKE i shouldn't smoke so much stuff.
ID	4	likes being friends but it hurts when u love your friend but the feelings arent the same. trying to sleep. has to really try to give up.
ID	3	slept all day.. lol. now time to start on my UN article.. what fun (: ...
ID	2	Why don't any of my friends ever miss me  why do 40 year old pervs like me  why can't I be a shape shifter ((((((((((((((((((
ID	2	Entered house searching mode yesterday... we need to find an apartment in Dsseldorf until the end of August, this one was temporary...
ID	4	@TheLastDoctor He was creepy for me at first, but I did really grow to like him. I cried like a baby when he and Tosh died.
ID	3	@sweetavalanche lol yeah  haha. yeah, things are okay, pretty much the same. slowly sorting out everything lol. exams are coming D: haha
ID	3	@SexyKellyC hey chocolate chips is good.  i want a snack too but i'm out of snacks.
ID	2	with hubby at the dentist ready to hold his hand  and getting nervy about potentially buying a car tomorrow
ID	3	Why does #googledocs do folders, instead of labels like #gmail? I kind of like labels
ID	0	So damn tired! Another long day trw!
ID	1	So damn tired! Another long day trw!
ID	0	just woke up, I'm starving
ID	1	just woke up, I'm starving
ID	4	going down the post office to try and sort this whole ebay hacker thing
ID	2	@abduzeedo something wrong, layout of abduzzeedo site looks no good today, anyone?
ID	3	@Lara82 Yeah  He was such a good..erm...entertainment )
ID	2	Getting that funny feeling that usually indicates I'm sick. Great....
ID	4	Bacon Fail at Gulb... lack of chef
ID	2	got another long day of papers and projects tomorrow  but this time one of the projects is shaving, its been like 2 mths lol. man legs.eww
ID	2	@thatlass yeah, it's gonna be rubbish!
ID	4	@chantalclaret D; You get hate tweets  that's sasd.
ID	4	is suprisingly okay. or possibly still drunk. goodbyes suck though
ID	2	Just checked my bank balance. I spend like a millionaire despite the fact I am nowhere near as rich as one.
ID	2	Wow i will be away and my &quot;expecting&quot; wife is going to be here in India, thats gonna suck since I have made her so dependent on myself
ID	4	i wanna go out
ID	4	it's overwhelming how i'm finally catching up with my cousin/bff since i was three who i haven't seen in years. ah, memories. miss her
ID	2	missing my man, two months is so long to not see him
ID	4	SF felt WAY too intense for me tonight. Hope that doesn't keep up. Upset with myself for not hanging with @fascinated and pearl
ID	2	I read the disclaimer, I had to close my browser  http://tinyurl.com/n28lr3
ID	2	Its chilly n lonley n this livingroom
ID	4	@divabat so sorry to hear that.  I lost two hard drives this year, I know the feeling
ID	4	So many farewell parties! sad to see people leaving ..
ID	3	@JustcallmeMac your making me jealous now  I want one! How long have u guys been married?
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/6661g - is on her last day at METRO magazine  Ta-ta, dream job. (PS: June issue out now. Czech it out!)
ID	2	Memphis just can't catch a break these days. My poor Tigers
ID	4	I'm sleepy but is feeling under the weather! ugh! These damn tonsils. I need some company or somebody to talk too!
ID	2	5500 words and counting.  My hands hurt
ID	3	@mileycyrus I would totally take you to prom...if i hadnt already gone  sorry lol
ID	2	I miss the Doctor Who regular series.
ID	2	Jeez! Little one is seriously constipated. Don't know what to do anymore. Anyone tips? It's terrible seeing him in serious pain
ID	4	im the only ho that didnt go to tigerheat tonite
ID	3	@RASHIDIAN Come hang out wif meeee
ID	2	@damienmulley Yes otherdad  @katiemoffat Wait, do I go back to sleep or cause mischief?
ID	3	Hmmm thinking about taking back that I feel better this morning - I think I spoke to early
ID	4	not to be too macabre but its hard to believe we dropped a real nuclear weapon on real japanese humans.  http://ow.ly/9NRu #warisfucked
ID	2	Inshalla! Devo I wont be at the Astor tonight
ID	4	@OpheliaPunk i wish i wasn't all  bummed but i kinda am
ID	4	@notmywords yup-unfortunately  Took today off work and just slept all day.
ID	2	iTunes upgrade reset playcount to zero  How will I know which one of 143 Hasta Siempre versions I liked best?
ID	4	is feeling so bored... i miss school time
ID	2	Watched The Notebook last night.... Wahhhhhhh!  V good.  Cried my eyes out!  Maybe a bit too close to home I think.    Go watch!
ID	2	@_erica /hugs those are the worst. Mine used to be really bad on the first day..sometimes can't even get out of bed.
ID	2	@AlexAllTimeLow aww  cant wait till u get 2 Sydney ;D i missed out on tickets tho.. :O xxx
ID	2	imissu, come back home now honey
ID	2	@Zobi09 I'm concerned for that family
ID	0	@Epiphora I will never forgive you for burying the erotica. You're snuffing out our love.
ID	1	@Epiphora I will never forgive you for burying the erotica. You're snuffing out our love.
ID	0	Had to fix bike chain on the way to work...arrived a filthy, bloody mess   lovely weather though!
ID	1	Had to fix bike chain on the way to work...arrived a filthy, bloody mess   lovely weather though!
ID	4	@etschuetz that sux  but mayb 4 the btr u nvr know
ID	4	Cant sleeeeep &amp; i miss my long hairrr
ID	4	mom is ok so far. just missing jaron
ID	3	@twebbstack nuhhhh no info on ticketek yet  Heaps excited though! I dont care how much but I hope it isn't too much..
ID	2	just called Toyota. Car won't be ready til 5.
ID	3	im finally going home but didnt get to finish all my work  so ill be back tomorrow
ID	2	@mrcoups oh dear  not fun
ID	2	Can't sleep...so I'm watching HGTV. I'm afraid infomercials are about to take over
ID	4	has had AWFUL hiccups today and now can't fall asleep because of them
ID	3	@pyroezra i know!  i wish she would. I just wanna cuddle and sleeep in ga! And go to the world of coke
ID	4	Use twitter, quit life
ID	2	@widrfm  hey, is your site down? I was going to listen to the web stream but can't get to the site...
ID	3	Happy belated Birthday to Billy!! I forgot to say that on his bday.  I  feel aweful!
ID	3	@sweetavalanche haha yeah i know  yeah, things are okay, pretty much the same. i'm slowly sorting things out.. exams are coming D: haha
ID	4	Listing to old jb music.... Going bck to 2006&amp;2007 &lt;33 i miss tht
ID	0	wants to move to QLD already, this cold weather is killing me
ID	1	wants to move to QLD already, this cold weather is killing me
ID	4	Just woke up &amp; can't go back to sleep. Had a txt from the bff sayin if you're up call me, sounds important but that was 4 hours ago
ID	4	My truss failing  http://yfrog.com/154upj
ID	2	@Keiyaunna So i guess im stuck in the LOBBY
ID	2	365days rperss.... where are youuuuuuu
ID	0	stuck in huge traffic jam
ID	1	stuck in huge traffic jam
ID	2	This porridge tastes shit! I cba with today man.
ID	2	Have to sell my car. It's costing me too much. Can now afford one rollerskate. Bye bye petey
ID	4	Trending Topics on Twitter used to useful. Now they're just like middle schoolers passing around notes cause class is boring.
ID	0	hates typing on a mac. wishing that i'll be done my english essay soon.  sleeeepy
ID	1	hates typing on a mac. wishing that i'll be done my english essay soon.  sleeeepy
ID	3	Want to get my hands dirty with FubuMVC. http://bit.ly/J00ha, but the document is not yet complete
ID	2	seriously getting hurt.... 4 days before nationals.. what a joke
ID	4	@helloinsightful CEREAL DOESNT COME WITH TOYS ANYMORE!. i jus been thinkin i was buyin the wrong kinds  say it aint so Mo.
ID	4	Now the mosquito truck is waking me up
ID	2	@katelynizzle haha okay you were talking about middle college grad I think and I got worried
ID	2	I hate tossing and turning.. Why can't i just fall asleep?
ID	4	Another boring meeting to attend
ID	3	@carocat Nooo  But hey you're back next week! Are you moving back for good?
ID	3	can't tell you how thrilled I am to have just had a nosebleed.  first time in ages.  overjoyed doesn't cover it.  urgh
ID	2	Can't seem to sleep tonight... Its 3:38am, I need to get up in less than 4 hours...
ID	0	bah, i h8 waking up
ID	1	bah, i h8 waking up
ID	3	@katieclair88 You guys didn't call or come over  Did we do something?! Def. give us a call tomorrow and hang out with us chick!!
ID	3	@ykesha2001 yeah, I also had to do a paper.. I only have one more final left: algebra.. &amp; I take it on my birthday!!   (june 3)
ID	0	i hate working, especially when the weather is good
ID	1	i hate working, especially when the weather is good
ID	4	damn i missed @xsparkage's blogtv  i hope it was funsies?
ID	4	I'm torn, do I get an extended warranty for my iPhone when mine runs out, or jailbreak? I've already got problems with battery &amp; earpiece
ID	2	@dawndela yeh still have the weekend, but I get weekends anyways, today is my full last day of vacation time
ID	4	friday night is my fav night of the week but now I have to go to stupid dog training classes
ID	4	@xBellaMariex Hello Bella, why r you going to delete your account..?
ID	2	@HannaManna I think it goes against everything i thought the olympic spirit of Team GB is/was
ID	2	Auditions are good but, Iam super nervous! That is one of my virtues
ID	4	@nicolepenney That sucks! I'm going to be doing summer school.  Need to catch up on several units
ID	2	Going to revise for physics.
ID	0	Have you ever stepped on a slug by accident? I just did  I hate bugs
ID	1	Have you ever stepped on a slug by accident? I just did  I hate bugs
ID	4	Damn, 4got to turn off my alarm so I woke up at 5:45am
ID	4	I miss Cary and want to drink some chocolate milk with him.
ID	3	Can't I just be a stay at home mom already
ID	3	this sux but took like 4 minutes. going to sleep finally  http://img36.imageshack.us/img36/4603/iprevailedsig.png
ID	2	@urbancritter I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
ID	3	@_faeriequeen I just saw the Hamlet update too - excellent news... Never so good as live though
ID	4	im ill hate it. seeing the doc at 5 too 10.
ID	2	Want to get my hands dirty with FubuMVC. http://bit.ly/J00ha, but the documentation is not yet complete
ID	0	Shit week all fucking week  off to the gym now with the worst headache.
ID	1	Shit week all fucking week  off to the gym now with the worst headache.
ID	4	@JasonVonBerg thats the crazy part - was for 16:30. but reasons include &quot;full schedule&quot; &amp; &quot;travelling with his daughter&quot;... So. Not. Cool
ID	3	I can't work twitter on my phone!  we're just in bed thinking of funny stuff from last night! (L) GOOD TIMES!
ID	0	my eyes are streaming!! i HATE hayfever  it's so bad even my tablets aren't working!
ID	1	my eyes are streaming!! i HATE hayfever  it's so bad even my tablets aren't working!
ID	2	@Yvette_Maree omfg are you alright?
ID	2	@yanq_ndo OMG I'm so sorry. I'm the worst employee ever. My hard drive just failed taking the survey data with it
ID	2	is bored at school and my throat it swollen
ID	4	Approaching the weekend quite quickly and so much more work left to do.
ID	3	@Knightpkf Yay! Thank you.. Feels like ur yelling at us   LOL
ID	2	down with a nasty cold in cagayan de oro
ID	4	NOW IM SAD BUT IM NOT GIVING IN FIRST..I DIDNT DO NOTHING!!!!    :**-(
ID	4	Disturbed. They sold the baby tiger I met in Thailand as an exotic pet. Greedy bastards
ID	4	and I'm so naughty I cant even take my dog, I have to sit &amp; watch how proper dog owners do it, will Brunos life ever be the same?
ID	4	Also, anyone else hayfevery today??? I've only been awake for 40mins and sufferin already
ID	4	I'm glad that all got cleared up.  I lah you!  Idk why Linda hates me though..
ID	4	@alexandramusic morning Alex hope you will be tweeting lots today as we do miss you when you aren't on here  xx
ID	2	Euh, got LDAP Schema Error  Why oh Why
ID	3	I loved johnny carson now I'm going to hate seeing jay leno go  (via @womanschitchat) that's what I was waiting for someone to say!
ID	4	@TheeRealFDHC Sorry to hear that man  He is were the bullshit cant reach him now. My heart goes out to you and your family.
ID	3	@diane4president visit si fr joemar dito bataan (frm camiguin) &amp; sum of my ofcmates&amp; i are supposed to meet him this saturday  can't luwas
ID	0	@GGSerena boo you didnt answer my text
ID	1	@GGSerena boo you didnt answer my text
ID	3	@NMaize Lucky Rob... always gettin' the T8's from Emalon
ID	2	@AlexAllTimeLow aw  were sad you had to leave tokyo. come back.please
ID	3	there are # days of summervac &amp; school comes along just 2 end it &amp; the annual problem of r generation is finding a good way 2 spend it!!
ID	3	@BK_II It's foggy here
ID	3	@lesleyroy haha! nice! Have fun doll! Hopefully I'll see ya soon! I miss ur face!
ID	2	E docs are getting younger these days.can u guess where am i??yup, NUH!! paying my ear doc a visit. Ouch!!
ID	3	Well I'm going to try and sleep now I have to be at work at 9 tomorrow  and then the weekend starts!!!!  http://myloc.me/1XTs
ID	2	@chrissalad My Mum said I probably wont get out of it  ALSO - it goes for like 2 months. That's normal right?
ID	4	im cold  i still cant find my hoodie
ID	3	yummy chocolate cake..wish even i got one for my b'day!!   anybody listening???
ID	4	Um, why arent episodes 1-14 of Lost season 5 on abc?!  Good thing Im going to Vegas in the am to keep me distracted from this tragedy.
ID	2	@fauzims It was white...  I acidentally left it in when i was doing my colours...
ID	3	Going back to Manila this evening. All my trips to Cebu are so bitin.
ID	3	@albamayo...I just posted my First video... A contest entry and my still is terrible too  boo...luv ur videos btw. Xxxrebelrebelxxx
ID	2	I seriously hate my life: it's currently 2:42am, I have 3 finals tomorrow, and have not slept a single second
ID	2	@KINGmoney I'm sorry...I'll make sure I do that next time.
ID	4	@Kristie999 same. Was going to try warm milk but I'm lactose intolerant  haha.
ID	2	yack yack -- resorting to these :#2&amp;!@#$%^&amp;*()etc. to stay within twitter limits?? not good
ID	2	I wish I could go back to bed with @wowshaggy
ID	4	Mom has left... again
ID	4	chapter 27... probably on monday. i still need more comments.
ID	2	i cant afford it  go to school here ? !!
ID	2	cries. AJ radio is gone  Guess I won't be DJing anymore.. until I get this fully fixed.. How are we btw? Heaps of homework, long weekend.
ID	3	@drewpeacock85 cool dude! yeah i was hoping your rate was still $2.75. lol! yeah not sure when ill mar and par for my birthday dinner.
ID	4	... need retail therapy, bad. AHHH.....gimme money geebus
ID	2	i feel less than nothin'.. lower than zero..
ID	2	Attempting to sleep. My puppy is sick already
ID	0	my mind is racing ... b/c of 4 words he wrote.  I hate him, but I hate her most. ... and I can't keep from falling for him
ID	1	my mind is racing ... b/c of 4 words he wrote.  I hate him, but I hate her most. ... and I can't keep from falling for him
ID	4	cant sleep  so tired! goodnight... maybe :/
ID	3	got my cable set up! WIN!  got my lock put on my door! WIN! feeling a tad neglected... FAIL.
ID	4	@dtothealex really... I'm an alumnus, and I don't know myself! and we didn't have Macs yet when I was there...
ID	2	@GianninaRossini blimey! You're still suffering?!!
ID	4	Back to LA from Las Vagas, Nice Trip , Nice Food ....but lose $100 with Slot Machine...
ID	3	@SplashAdams ill be alright but the whip may not
ID	2	@Keiyaunna OH FACK U GAVE ME POLICE THATS SOME SERIOUSE SHIT
ID	2	Too broke for cigarettes.
ID	3	@kimberly__joy i feel like red lea now
ID	2	squirrel! where? i hate squirrels
ID	2	Can't sleep....  &amp; why isn't my $ in my damn account!? BofA is trippin
ID	2	@tissuerose i'm with you in this.  i've always have prob prioritizing myself ahead of him.
ID	3	Morning twitties! Heading to college, just back from the docs, god I'm hungry  streching my ears again today! 10mm ;) payday I love you!
ID	3	Five o'clock can't come any faster
ID	2	LAPPYTOP BATERRRY DYING,tryingtofind a movieto watch since im staying in.  and goingto my room.
ID	4	wowowee willie of fortune is just making me depressed  damn love.
ID	0	Bluedart takes a shipment all the way before figuring out &quot;No Deliver&quot; and then bring it back! Databases anyone?
ID	1	Bluedart takes a shipment all the way before figuring out &quot;No Deliver&quot; and then bring it back! Databases anyone?
ID	4	Watching Jimmy F.  delete all his social network profiles  No more Jimmy cyber time.
ID	2	I no longer have a ticket for ny
ID	2	...I have to study ....
ID	0	Just been bitten by SmoothStreaming, it doesn't seem to work for my client's linux users...fan-fricking-tastic
ID	1	Just been bitten by SmoothStreaming, it doesn't seem to work for my client's linux users...fan-fricking-tastic
ID	0	? MADAYA KA CHRISTIAN. BLEH!!! I HATE U  http://plurk.com/p/wy2yg
ID	1	? MADAYA KA CHRISTIAN. BLEH!!! I HATE U  http://plurk.com/p/wy2yg
ID	2	Squabbling with people over the internet is great for my Tumblarity, but bad for my ego when they have more internet friends than me
ID	3	Wow, been away 4 a while...stupid lap top is in the shop...still    Hope everyone is well!
ID	2	Type cold in my room
ID	4	Desperately wishing I could sleep - But I am too frazzled about my Gma, and can't sleep.. :'( It's really bad tonight  xx
ID	3	Planning a road trip down to San Diego- With a detour into Vegas to celebrate my birthday! Too bad it's 7 wks away  I want to go now!
ID	2	is MySpace mobile free? or do u have 2 have credit... cause they are liers
ID	2	@MaryKathrynK Yikes!  I hope she was okay.  I never her heard her say her tummy hurt.
ID	2	Flight to hurghada delayed 7 hours
ID	2	Going to be a strange weekend. Probably srtarting off with working til midnight tonight
ID	3	I Need to get my friggin cameras cleand ASAP !!
ID	3	@JBFutureboy lucky kid...i so wanna see loserville  pity im in oz....
ID	3	Friends! Come over and give me a massage  I can't sleep.
ID	4	No allowed a calculator for this exam despite it containing laths that is impossible to compute in my head.
ID	2	Whataburger closing all locations but tally  so harsh, might have to transfer schools
ID	3	im very sorry.
ID	4	3 hours of sleep and a mild hangover = carelessness and the loss of a brand new ipod pouch
ID	2	@MarieLuna I'm sure it's not what you think. Is this really you? i saw you couple of months back in NAIA,was shy to approach 4 a pic.
ID	2	i'm so worn out, this week has sped by soo fast. gonna ask mum if we can go to the movies. i'm desperate
ID	4	Wee laddie's been SO upset for about 2 hours. Tried soothing him in bed, nursing, etc. Nope. Up at 3:30am for real food. Blue Clues now.
ID	3	@ddlovato july 21st!?? that means at your concert I won't know all the songs.  oh well, yay demi!! &lt;3
ID	3	I have been playing skate for two hours. Now i need to get out and actually skate. But it's too late
ID	2	I've got a dentist's appointment soon!  The drill feels like I've got my brain in a blender - not looking forward to it
ID	3	@mitch_400iso Me too, she was adorable and you could tell the pressure got to her.
ID	2	@Scarlettjen fuck. it should be recoverable. it's just the boot part that's messed up. grr argh. my business was on there.
ID	2	@ajaedandridge ate pussy, I refuse to bless her cuz she already clingy
ID	2	Not well again  @littlereidy it's definitely not hayfever
ID	2	HOW COME ITS SO HARD TO FIND A GUY WITH THE SAME PASSION FOR LOVE AS FOR A WOMAN?? AM I EVER GOING TO SEE THE DAY! IM lonely yall!
ID	4	@madeofhoney1 im sorry. i dont wanna cuz of how u act. u just turn right around and ignore me and all that
ID	2	@SydneyAlterEgo probably not in this weather
ID	4	Ugh id better get up for work
ID	3	@sevinnyne6126 Lindsay we are your spanish fansite and we love you www.ultimatelohan.org please reply us  I wish you a good flight &lt;3
ID	2	I am living in a country where the government is ALWAYS a circus show ... sad but true...
ID	4	had my lip pierced for about 30 minutes.  and then it died.
ID	4	why not everything workout as you planned.
ID	2	Don't know who U R anymore!!!
ID	4	aww only 15minutes left of family guy
ID	2	My dead grandpa pays more attention to me than you do
ID	3	@sevinnyne6126 Lindsay we are your spanish fansite and we love you www.ultimatelohan.org please reply us  I wish you good luck
ID	2	BIG NEWS?! But I don't know if I can share it.
ID	2	@alabamawhirly I'll be stuck inside the office all day today
ID	2	Being dragged round Ikea this morning  Bad times!
ID	2	@Nelley aww sorry boo. I haven't bought a printer in 4 years; my canon i900d is still making amazing prints. Have zero fisheye exp.
ID	4	I wanted to see the story on ACORN tonight on Glen Beck but I missed it
ID	2	So ... Still finishing errands for a trip tomorrow morning where I have to be at airport at 6am.
ID	4	Tv arrived but can't play cos have to go to stupid work
ID	2	@QueenofScots67 this is a little sad and I know I am new but no one has ff me yet
ID	2	Invasion of the Old Ladies has just ended, still have to clean up not going to be able to make it to the tweetup tonight.
ID	3	At work   leave for Berlin at 17:00 by car, will be a late arrival
ID	2	@monroejnicole Im goodie. I feel like we are so disconnected
ID	3	@DaRealSunisaKim There's ding tai Fung here in Sydney aswell...  making me want dumplings...
ID	2	arrives in mfk... With these potholes.. I foresee a wheel changing session. Hai no man
ID	4	going to bed...with NO sexy time UGHHH!
ID	2	sneezing is never a good sign
ID	4	Sometimes I have a pillow and sometimes I don't
ID	2	@GuitarHeroDevs Why online one download this week?
ID	2	*sigh* i always disappoint people who get in my way...  everyone .. i'm OUT.. i might disappoint everyone else here..
ID	4	@kpatthethird FML dad didnt leave me any moneyz, so i have 2 wait till he gets home   call me when you finish work?
ID	2	@ajaedandridge  ummm...last night when I DM'd you, you said it was a &quot;good&quot; question.
ID	0	I hate this bit
ID	1	I hate this bit
ID	3	I miss you sweetie!
ID	4	I miss Feb 23rd 2008  best night of my whole entire fucking life. I'd rather re-live that night then win $1million.
ID	3	@AntBoogieWorld Wish you were coming to Australia &amp; New Zealand with the Sticky Tour Ant
ID	4	@harneet @RangitaNandy as a kid, i remember searching with the local video store owner in a godown , got a video tape with fungus badluck
ID	2	@FLASxyBlck25 right now thats about all I can deal with  I work too much and I need my space! Most women dont offer that!
ID	2	work suckd.. another closing nite with 30 dollars pockeded..  i need a new job
ID	3	what a bummer that tomorrow is friday again!
ID	2	screw the fact you can't post LONG updates on twitter
ID	2	@Miss_Thrifty eBay 10 mile rule not working for me.  Too many pairs of leather trousers being sold in Aberdeen. Will try next week.
ID	3	@IljaCoolen Thanks! Just used a therm to pry it out. Was like concrete! Blood and everything!  He's doing a lot better now. Thank god.
ID	2	@NosliwEiggam hey, got your text sms. i plan on maybe just catching a flick tonight. last night was a wee bit too much for me
ID	4	#freakyfriday Slipped in the shower and fell. Lucky to escape with just a couple of concussions!
ID	4	Damn I failed in my assassination attempt on Louis  re: http://ff.im/3mrIM
ID	4	@displayspook damn i missed it too
ID	4	Y AM I STILL AWAKE!!!! SMH.... THIS SUCKS!!!
ID	4	is having headache and colds...
ID	4	This headache is killing me yet I need to cover some boring police event.
ID	2	Another night of not sleeping
ID	2	@tommcfly, @dannymcfly, @mcflyharry and @dougiemcfly i think you should come home now
ID	2	You guys dont get too drunk without me
ID	0	This place blows! My UberTwitter isn't functioning here! Had to switch to TB
ID	1	This place blows! My UberTwitter isn't functioning here! Had to switch to TB
ID	2	@UltraSub Too much details !!!    (But glad he is better)
ID	3	Just finished The Village. So in love,could watch it over and over! Wonder why I can't get to sleep tonight
ID	4	I'm sooo lost without my car  This is truly depressing. Pregnant people should NEVER be this stressed out!
ID	4	@jessiimiica I am like the most saddest person on jtv right now because you are not on
ID	4	Heathrow Connect is 7.40,i thought it was a bargain (express is 15),but then it terminated at Hayes/Harlington and i had to take a bus
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/666gy - My glass is empty. Will someone be a dear and fetch me another?
ID	4	@brookedanielle_ it just upsets me , becasue like 6 years we have loved them .. and then this happens  imm really uset now x
ID	4	Marley and me is the saddest movie ever I never cry in movies but this movie mad me cry
ID	4	I was looking forward to seeing @PapaRoach in Raleigh (fan for 10 years NB too) but scalpers took the tix and sell them for $200  morons
ID	4	@chasssss they got attacked by the club
ID	0	Cars been dropped off for service and mot  getting the train home! Hate public transport!!
ID	1	Cars been dropped off for service and mot  getting the train home! Hate public transport!!
ID	2	Morning tweeple! I'm a bit sneezy today
ID	3	I am soooo  right now!
ID	2	Did not win Kelly Clarkson Tickets. Sorry Cecilia. Really wish I could give that to you! You so much deserve it.
ID	4	@xxsteebiexx lol i know i wld like to get a reply from seann william scott but he dont reply  and hes one of my favourite actors
ID	4	i'm so mad that im going to be missing the maine tomorrow because it takes all effing day to fly to florida
ID	3	All of you can have fun tweeting all day while im cleaning hair  LOL
ID	2	what do u do when ur dads losing it mentaly and dosent remeber you
ID	2	why am i up...i have to wake up at 7
ID	4	Google Wave presentation: http://bit.ly/2ehfov  I'm not very impressed. It's nice, but it's not really for me
ID	2	@dylandersen I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
ID	4	Fixed my favourites. $180 and the heels fell off after 4 wears
ID	2	Hate be late
ID	2	feeling like shit. hope its not swine flu or something
ID	2	Its friday and i'm sick, story of my life...
ID	2	how i wish the result IS true...
ID	3	Summer is really ending. It's raining.
ID	2	@queeeniee Where's yummiest Pan Mee? For me it's behind Dance Center, Ipoh Garden South. and i miss it
ID	3	This is one of my all-time favorite episodes/quotes from The OfficeUS only   )  http://bit.ly/ARMJ
ID	4	Nice action shot: http://bit.ly/m8zfx   I miss working a pole.
ID	4	I am not going to entertain any request for reducing shipping cost by using registered post instead of courier from now on....
ID	2	I still have a very depressed feline fuzzball...it's another trip to vet tmrw to see what can be done...worried doesn't even cover it
ID	4	Going to miss my roomie @Staycy... We will no longer be roomies starting tomorrow
ID	2	@crunchybunny Sus Ate, I was so upset, I wasn't informed AT ALL. Turns out, they told Sarms and they expected her to tell me. Huff.
ID	0	Hydro drive abandoned after three miles
ID	1	Hydro drive abandoned after three miles
ID	2	@MadamSalami pmsl @poo... We had crap everywhere too. But NO More. Love it. My wool stash today though
ID	4	dreading work tomorrow wish I had one more day off
ID	2	@anttoekneeeeeee with 14mph winds!!
ID	2	@Rina_spn what's going on?
ID	2	where has my sleep run off to??
ID	4	@mizzlalabaybii @KEWSBOOGIE im just so lonely right now. maybe SADE GOT ME FEELING LIKE THIS
ID	4	very tired and anxious
ID	3	I chilled in my room with my baby book missed my bro leavin  he really is cool had a stripper shirt on said I suppoort single moms! Funny
ID	4	its my burfday and i'm all alone
ID	2	@disquiet Business or pleasure? Will keep my eye out for anything. You're just missing a Moondog concert tomorrow night
ID	4	@JoelMadden I applaud you for accepting gay marriage, I have rels that are born again that hate me for it.
ID	0	hmz... second most popular page on this governmental site is the 404 page... fail
ID	1	hmz... second most popular page on this governmental site is the 404 page... fail
ID	2	Can't freakin sleep and i have a horrible stomach ache
ID	4	Headache
ID	2	@DavidAWatson link no worky-work
ID	4	@Alma773  want somebody to hold me Alma! tear tear
ID	2	@kaybob23 too bad i dont have either
ID	4	Its beginning to get way too hard to please all of my friends at once
ID	4	@MrDeNiro i wish someone would inspire me with some sexy time right now ugh but thats not gonna happen...  ugh
ID	4	not in the mood
ID	4	I'll miss the 39th floor view...
ID	4	now i'm awake i can't get back to sleep
ID	4	Now i feel really really bad...sorry
ID	2	where is the sunshine...the only thing i see are clouds...
ID	3	Sleep....take two....this better work!
ID	4	@elmers10 miss u more
ID	3	i didn't have fun at the club tonight, had a lot on my mind
ID	4	@HellenBach the geek, the stepson and the live in nanny love BGT, me - can't stand it!  Had to watch TV upstairs all alone!
ID	3	Oh Cr*p.... Here goes my head again, &quot;I'm Spinning Around&quot;
ID	2	@Rina_spn aww  sick? and i hate soup, too
ID	0	@upcomingpixar Too bad we're in Sweden where Up isn't up on the theaters  here until October
ID	1	@upcomingpixar Too bad we're in Sweden where Up isn't up on the theaters  here until October
ID	2	Wide awake. Wishing I wasn't. Damn nightshift routines. Got turned down for the job in Nashville  oh well ...
ID	4	Enjoying the nice couple dad with my brother to bad we never really see each other anymore...
ID	2	Homework day
ID	2	In the emergency room with my cousin. She's got mad flu and can't walk or breathe.  Why are hospitals always so cold?
ID	4	Just got finished watching marley and me, and I cried like a fucking baby...I'm missing my beast like crazy!
ID	4	My phone passed away yesterday.. He jumped off the table  Searching for a new phone...
ID	4	oh my god. my twitter feed has been taken over by geeky stuff! @bmw @brampitolo @kodinlanewave @kenkeiter so funny! I wish i understood
ID	2	@misstiffytaylor try having your best writing five years behind you  heh, it happens
ID	2	@Brizzers haha i agree lame....another thought  y are their concerts so expensive......that's kinda lame too
ID	2	nt online &amp; mayb next week  if u havent voted pls do: http://bit.ly/hHigd
ID	4	nobody loves me on twitter
ID	2	@glassdahl: i'm more than willing to give him what he needs. XD but srsly, i also think he needs one soon.
ID	4	@iAmNauj can't.  wish I was sleeping. Gotta be at work in less than 4 hours... Wait, what're u doing up???!
ID	2	Soooo full that im starting to feel sick
ID	2	I didn't catch the Jonas Brothers Facebook Webcast...  It already ended when I logged in to my Facebook account...
ID	4	@Rina_spn your boyfriend didn't even say bye!
ID	4	Have you ever realized you never fully have everything you want?  feelin' down.
ID	4	Gutted, been invited to a bbq tomorrow night, gonna miss the BGT final   ...Wonder if they can wheel the TV outside??
ID	2	I don't know what to wear....
ID	2	How sad is it that your best friend is so selfish and heartless that they exclude you from their life completely...I'm so sad
ID	2	working on my oral presentation and upset.........
ID	4	@jerseyzmorenita: Sad But True  :: I SHouldnt Right?
ID	2	#3wordsaftersex i think im bleeding.
ID	4	supposed to be great weather today &amp; 2moro; just my luck Im stuck in work 1-10 both days!
ID	2	i miss you soo much
ID	4	i lost all my friends, i'm alone and sleepy..i wanna go home
ID	4	@brainstuck i didnt get the joke
ID	0	@jojototh @abduzeedo firefox ok, but opera and IE - footer is not ok
ID	1	@jojototh @abduzeedo firefox ok, but opera and IE - footer is not ok
ID	4	Also, I'm really missing Sami... just thought I would throw that one out there...
ID	2	Thanks those who have clicked :p Well I think I did something wrong, it's still at 0 visitor, 0%.. maybe I need to reinstall everything
ID	2	i'm new!!!!! dunno whatta doo!
ID	2	@MakeupGeek I am soo excited about your pasadena seminar...if only i can find the confermation email
ID	2	My bed had tha nerve 2 call my blackberry askin me where the hell I was.......looks like I gotta go ya'll  I'll c u in 3.5hours, after nap
ID	2	This already feels like one of those days where I just won't be able to win.
ID	3	@ACALLPRO -- yeahhh u wasnt thereeeeeeeeeee
ID	0	@berkscub no sorry twitter sucks balls since the replys change  #fixreplies
ID	1	@berkscub no sorry twitter sucks balls since the replys change  #fixreplies
ID	4	i REALLY miss my photofiltre and photoscape  GIMP is too damn confusing
ID	3	&quot; ...not academically of course. &quot; I miss him already
ID	2	why is it so hard to find good house events in the Sacramento area?
ID	2	@fifitheconquero I was going to go to london for a week then had to change my ticket! I would have been there right now
ID	4	at last i wr0te again....got bored the previous dayss....
ID	3	Finally installed ovi in mobile. it would have been good if it could be downloaded to comp and installed to mobile. Frickin 3MB download
ID	2	@julsey I should be asleep  trying to be...
ID	4	@binncheol  I'm afraid so. All tour I have had people refusing to believe that I am anything else... Irish all the way.
ID	2	Totally prepped for interview at 10, too bad twitter is off line..  - http://mobypicture.com/?onewzs
ID	2	In bed can't sleep .... Something is missing.....
ID	2	actually, i think i'm being mean to her....i feel sorry now
ID	4	It's 4 am and I'm hungry
ID	4	Why do weddings on TV make me cry? Is it just my inner desire to be eternally happy and start the rest of my life??
ID	4	can't go to bed  An am sooooo tired!!!
ID	0	Shit shit, i didn't mean to dall asleep again, it's 9am, I wanted to be out by 9.30. Don't know why I'm so tired,I wasn't late last night
ID	1	Shit shit, i didn't mean to dall asleep again, it's 9am, I wanted to be out by 9.30. Don't know why I'm so tired,I wasn't late last night
ID	4	man.. it's starting to rain real hard..
ID	2	@Ozalina It's been fine for me for like, a week, but now it just won't load.
ID	2	Can't sleep....restless mind! Agh
ID	2	@demios101 oh, sorry to hear about this too  sad
ID	0	Okay I'm seriously bored. I have nothing to do. I can't go out cause it's raining.
ID	1	Okay I'm seriously bored. I have nothing to do. I can't go out cause it's raining.
ID	2	My mock ACET scores have shown me that I am doomed to fail not because of ignorance but because of stupidity.
ID	2	Had a nice concert yesterday. Nice location, nice people, it was great. But I have a bad cold since yesterday night  Being sick sucks!
ID	0	Up earlier because of a stupid orthadontist appointment
ID	1	Up earlier because of a stupid orthadontist appointment
ID	2	The horror that is Maggie Gallagher is still with me. Such a big ball of ignorance. You can't reason with idiots like that, which sucks.
ID	4	Just wrote lyrics to my new song exciting!I slept on a full stomach again it's the worst feeling waking up and still feeling full  euggh
ID	3	@DeadMemoriesX Poor you   If I was with you right now; I would probably give you a hug ;D
ID	2	Can't sleep bc I know I have to be up early !
ID	4	got paid nowhere near as much as she thought she would
ID	2	I'm bummed that I didn't get TEDx tickets
ID	2	@niteskolar Now you only have 2 hours to sleep...  - Rest if you need it.
ID	2	DANG! I just ran over a bunny on the way home.  Why do I feel so bad? And Why do I have more compassion for animals than I do humans?
ID	2	@yourmajestyy haaaw..well i get out of class at 10:50..i hope i make it
ID	3	Wow what a sunny day,  just recovering some erased files
ID	4	I have not been this sick in years. OMG. This sucks so bad. Sickness ended up including a full restroom cleanup.
ID	2	I also shall be missing Lauren when she goes for a week
ID	4	@pilgrimfamilyuk oh no I hate that
ID	4	How I wish I get at least 2 days-off in a row. 1 day off is not enough to rest.  3 days on, 1 day off, 4 days on, 1 day off...Ugh!!!
ID	4	@hojomo im having trouble finding really yummy egg free ice-cream   #favoriteicecream - got any recommendations anyone?
ID	2	mayb he was raped when he was younger
ID	4	I guess you're not talking about Orlando Magic @whoiskenan! There was nothing magical about it
ID	2	I'm tired. I think I'm becoming too old to go out.
ID	2	Back in Durham from Greensboro but Cook-Outs closed.  hmmmm....
ID	2	says God please i hope it doesn't brownout...i'm burning my files  http://plurk.com/p/wy5za
ID	4	I never thought falling in love can cause so much pain...  good thing that I'm so over that phase!
ID	3	is wondering where all her friends went...
ID	3	I feel like flying off somewhere. It's been a month since my last trip...
ID	4	@MarkK_H when you wake up, tweet me and let me know when ur on msn. I really need to talk to you  miss you
ID	4	@libbyoliver caught tweets on it and got home in time for the last 5 mins of the ITV2 show!! #bgt Out tonight too so will miss it again
ID	4	The Good: I drank Jager and licked a hot asian girl's foot. The Bad: I was reminded once again that I will never get asian girls ever.
ID	4	3 hours sleep last night, all of my being wants to crawl into a ball somewhere and sleep for about 5 more hours. At work till six too
ID	2	Sore throat coming,and recording about to start for new citipointe EP album! ARGGHHH!!!  prayers needed
ID	2	http://bit.ly/ZGuQP  What would happen if the Bees died?
ID	2	@Jinsing what Brody how dare u
ID	3	@melissaohh omg  when do they finish??
ID	2	has tummy pains  n woke stu up for a drink in the middle of the night, I don't remember it
ID	3	@mangointhesky idk. The original is so great.
ID	3	we are looking forward to daddy returning from work on Saturday. He's been gone a whole month
ID	3	Finishing Homework.  BOOO
ID	0	@Sihm and the &quot;fuck  &quot; was because I dont get my gift!   I was SO exited about it, and it was sooo awesome...
ID	1	@Sihm and the &quot;fuck  &quot; was because I dont get my gift!   I was SO exited about it, and it was sooo awesome...
ID	4	Is so freaking bored on the bus. Hate being poor, 4.80 return for a 10 min train or 2 return for an HOUR long bus.ipod has no battery 2
ID	4	@BK_II I have no choice  have to get on it!
ID	3	Football session after this.fun
ID	3	@Bass_ Heading off to Poole around 4ish, @LucyKD has some serious gardening to do before we go, no Tweetdeck til Sunday evening,
ID	2	@karinb_za its not fruit, its those sugar covered sweets. My tummy is not happy
ID	3	is not ready for school yet!!!  http://plurk.com/p/wy69d
ID	3	@KarenAnn_P i'm so sorry about that  i was really excited about it too! but i might continue posting externally, so fingers crossed!
ID	2	I hope I get the job so I can have some steady income and start eating well again. All the cheap food is horrible for you
ID	3	job centre bound. oh yay.
ID	2	Is anyone's #visialvoicemail working. Have done the sync. Turned off &amp; on. But still not going  Help?
ID	2	Ready, Set.... hmmm DELAY
ID	2	driving lesson then off to ikea with the mother and finally work. today is going to be wank
ID	3	@hilsatlvsonline Thanks for the tip! Unfortunately a major crash in my https site, just as ExtPlorer
ID	3	@moneymakn1 Thats actually not that fun as you would think... I was hurting for a week after a similar experience.
ID	4	@FelipeAzucares Everyone seems to love it, but it felt kinda lazy and repetative to me.  I was really disappointed.
ID	4	Its a lovely day sky is clear birds are singing and i'm stuck in an office with on windows for 9 hours
ID	3	I'm saying goodbye to Sydney for a few days, and Hello to Rapeville.... I'll miss pretty
ID	4	nothing could get worse, or could it? if it did i think id be on the verge of killing myself or someone else, things are not good anymore
ID	2	where's Jake??
ID	3	@Dichenlachman oh I love oreos!! U can't get many varieties in the uk
ID	2	In work early, frustrating myself with my own work before I get frustrated with other work. Not much time for design today
ID	2	@NKOTBahamas2009 Aw it says the pic doesn't exist anymore
ID	2	@DreamnetFaith69 I will have spent my allowance at cybernet expo in SF by then  send me a dm with rates, tho, mayb cash flo bttr 4 me then
ID	3	@jassily but ... but it's michael bay ...*sigh* i'm sorry, love - didn't know you felt that way about it   XD
ID	2	hurt. done trying..
ID	2	@HzNKzM i want cafe latteeeeeeeeeee
ID	2	I took my yearbook photo earlier at school, and I don't think that it will turn out great
ID	2	very malakas ang ulan. how will i go to fort
ID	2	@dalzinho I was trying to back all her documents up but it wasn't playing along. its taking forever but am back at it again now
ID	4	todays weigh in....  only lost 1/2 pound this week :o depressing
ID	2	holiday time | got my grizzly bears cd, bit it wont read  | adventures tomorrow | swine flu is scaring me | i still have a cold
ID	0	it should be.. not a wink &gt;.&lt;
ID	1	it should be.. not a wink &gt;.&lt;
ID	2	@daveoflynn Amen to that
ID	3	@shaundiviney 04182012154 send me one PLEASE!! I TXTD IN BUT I GOT A NEW PHONE
ID	4	@SASHAMINAJ lol   the things u gotta do sometimes man smh lol
ID	4	@sophiatam haha yea! Just working and chillin in the eastbay. Unlike u, I don't get a summer break  boo
ID	2	i need to go out of office again.. i am melting..
ID	2	I think i should go to sleep considering i hav to b up on 3hrs....
ID	0	; keeps getting such delayed responses. why is my internet so messed up?!
ID	1	; keeps getting such delayed responses. why is my internet so messed up?!
ID	4	@papermelody although these are a BIT tighter (smaaaaller) than my last pair, they were baggy as hell, now I get front wedgies
ID	3	@MarkStanto why thx! #webdu I was only at the conf on Thurs
ID	3	Aww I heard I just missed you two @logieo &amp; @egg104 !
ID	3	writing report cards  soooo tired but what an amazing day. check it out on fb soon!
ID	2	@david_tennant yes! Watching season 2 all evening.  Wish I could get BBC2
ID	2	@dean_b if I drive home now I think I am breaking the laws?  Tooooooo many dranks.  Toooooo many. I am stuck in MF burbank.
ID	4	Damn, got Chili Beans on my shirt  I hate that I can be a messy eater. Such a lady!
ID	2	Caught up with apprentice last night, poor Howard, it was Lorraine's turn to go
ID	2	Start of diet today  I think I have to face I will never get back down to 77kilos (unless I cut a leg off)
ID	2	@m8m1adym307 yea me too  lol
ID	4	@JeremyRylan I'm on mobile web and it won't let me  it looks awesome though....and no one reads my tweets anyway.
ID	3	@ubuntugeeks good morning to you!  No wait, its evening.  You still have a whole day of work to go before the weekend!
ID	4	@dave_mueller yes i love it  its just a little bit complicated, because i want it on my BB , but it doesnt work
ID	2	#Ferber As happens every few days, Rohan woke up unhappy at midnight.  The good/bad news is that I was still awake, due to afternoon nap
ID	3	@BrianLimond but lorraine kelly is a sexy mama!
ID	2	@_refugee_ /me gets &quot;Your video will start in 15 seconds&quot;, Exiting to watch ... for minutes  #flash #linux #fail
ID	4	i'm so sad, because my beloved boy doesn't online, i wait for him everyday..
ID	4	@DaveDeRoo hardly :/ some of my furniture is being shipped from who knows where and is backordered  I may cancel and shop local.
ID	4	bwarg. can't sleep, tired of drawing.
ID	2	@fueledbyregret I walk to &amp; from work...about 25 mins...think that makes it worse   Improves once indoors tho.
ID	2	@empemp: aiaahh.. poor u  tell ur mom already?
ID	2	Oh my!...It's raining...I don't bring with me my umbrella..   baha na naman ngayun...for sure..
ID	2	so cold
ID	4	Don't have time to chat (sorry girls  Miss y'all!), but we have a new lawnmower... yeah, that was today's highlight. Tomorrow is...
ID	2	I so don't wanna go outside, I don't have anything to do there  Maybe I will write later...
ID	4	@pyroezra i really wish i could.
ID	2	My phone is dying ....
ID	0	is not paying 8 per hr for Internet access so may be limited to Twitter via txt
ID	1	is not paying 8 per hr for Internet access so may be limited to Twitter via txt
ID	4	@Nelja exactly like that ...in glasgow now ...it's a bgt busier
ID	4	Can't wait to come home! I miss my Bubba. Too bad my parents are taking him to Canada.
ID	3	laughed so much today over that picture of lauren, that my chest hurts.
ID	4	I'm SAD SAD SAD!!! thought my aunty Stina coming but no more  i was so looking forward to having family..i miss dat! i'm alone on maui
ID	2	i miss the Soulja Boy dance...
ID	2	Still not asleep. Ahhh  Wtf?!
ID	2	new flat heads
ID	4	has to do two 50 page assignments this weekend  there goes any chance of relaxation!!
ID	2	omgeee that hurt like helll. finally got it back in. can't close it put the ball back in
ID	2	Have been feeling very sick    had day off today... ARRRGH
ID	4	Town. Uncle and Gabriel are coming in. I miss Gabe  Tempted to ask if I can go back to Baton Rouge with and stay with other side of fam...
ID	3	At least my wish came true, its not hot anymore...just rainy
ID	4	lost my BA115 enlisted class in CRS!! ( whyyyy. hindi naman conflict or whatever.  ang labo ng CRS grabe. T.T
ID	4	3rd day of pain
ID	3	This is great curl-up-in-a-ball-and-read later. I wish I had a book.
ID	3	ahhhhh, I am falling asleep here, there is no way I'll be able to survive Liverpool   Although, I can't wait to have my Nan's food.
ID	2	I think I've forgotten to mention some people on my video
ID	2	Hear @jonasbrothers full album preview during todays webcast!  #jonasnewsongs NO WAYYY I couldn't 'tune in'
ID	2	Trying to get some sleep but cant  i gotta wake up early for my doctors appointment too ugh!!
ID	2	@VikkiJCapra Aw I left it at home  I do have some Travis or Coldplay though?  xx
ID	3	@HaylieK can't do class tomorrow audition at 10am  but free from 11 to 3 if u wanna work out!
ID	2	Leaving in 25 mins to go to Latin revision class
ID	4	missed out on westcott micro apollo too
ID	2	getting stuck from visiting sites by rain
ID	2	Busy.. Busy.. Busy.. :S Wont be on Ning for few days.
ID	2	My smartcard fell out of its holder when I was going home today. If anyone finds it, please tell me
ID	4	Dad: &quot;No trips to Lahore for you.&quot; Me: &quot;I do live in DC &amp; NYC which also = big targets.&quot; Bummer, no Pizza Hut chicken tikka pizza for me
ID	2	@Redjotter no, but I will. It just seems such a cruel condition
ID	4	Last night I had 1/2 a bottle of wine in my house and 2 cocktails. Came home sober but still gonna be sick
ID	0	I remember when Vanessa first stepped on to the scene. She would give it up to the paps!  Now shes 2 famous I guess. Use us, abuse us!
ID	1	I remember when Vanessa first stepped on to the scene. She would give it up to the paps!  Now shes 2 famous I guess. Use us, abuse us!
ID	2	cupcakes gave me heartburn
ID	2	Stayin over at dustins tonight... my car hates me!
ID	3	No http://twtvite.com/3koyqo #twtvite #aptw Have to miss this now because of other engagements
ID	4	@DatDoodRace Thts kinda young 4 me, boo.
ID	2	Has horrible toothache, and had only a wink of sleep  xx
ID	0	Was woken up by my screamin lil nefuew
ID	1	Was woken up by my screamin lil nefuew
ID	4	Weather is back to being great! Shame I have to wait in for my delivery
ID	4	@Jonasbrothers movie out today but i cant go see it
ID	2	In trouble - I haven't finished reading Crow Road  Book Club's off for me today I'm afraid. Lazy mare.
ID	2	wishing my days off were the same days that people wanted to party.
ID	2	@capricious_and IKR. I myself am headed out for a meeting.
ID	4	@HoneyJune k... i guess i cant help it.... byeee 4eva....  (m really sad)
ID	4	I hate the &quot;out-of-nowhere&quot; stuff...
ID	2	Been rebuilding my Dev. machine after a disk crash last night
ID	2	@haylescakes Sis...I dont think I will be up 4 2nite sadly  Im in alot of pain 2day &amp; had bad nite...can we go out anotha week soon?xx
ID	2	I can't believe it's 9am and i'm awake, and i have to start getting ready soon. I hate the doctor's
ID	4	sick n tired of people who steal other people's work
ID	4	@SeandBlogonaut daddy wanted to buy me shoes, but they were prettie esspensive, so nao I haff to go bearfoot
ID	4	back at work  its too warm to be in here today!!!
ID	3	Lobbying in twitter! Here too!!  Yuk! Gettin rid of groupies ;)
ID	2	@ColeyRenee I miss you terribly
ID	4	Went to the Athletics Carnival today! Tired, very tired! I hurt my back when I jumped for the second time on the High Jump!
ID	2	Burnt 3 of my fingers from trying to keep my hands warm over the rice cooker.
ID	4	its too sunny for work  !!!
ID	3	They changed the way Golden Gaytimes are made. They used to be awesome.
ID	2	@FireFly74 And most of us are going to be stuck in an office, some without windows
ID	2	@T_A_R_A I was wondering where you were, how come you didn't twitter for a week? and yeah Adam withdrawal syndrome is real/not nice
ID	3	@heyennovy haha we had balcony seats  not that great. there's a giant dragon thing that has glowing red eyes and moves its wings!
ID	2	@treasaint don't i know it, writing an exam essay this weekend myself
ID	2	is now going to see his very ill uncle on saturday and the night at his house as even more bad news has come up
ID	2	oh dear, I'm being followed by someone that claims to help you stay young  the end is nigh
ID	4	boys and girls lie? awww is santa not real either?
ID	4	@oliviamunn that was pretty lame babe
ID	2	uff - hard to get going today, up half the night with 6 year old son
ID	4	@rawrgoesaimee Ah bibisita ka kina GQ bukas o  sasama ka sa Rushers EB? I won't be able to visit Jumpstart tom coz I have something to do
ID	2	@3Easy Last week of July  Will you be up and at em by then?
ID	2	stunning business cards! ashamed of mine  http://bit.ly/zpsQo
ID	2	@fuckbomb awww that sucks  also, when i finish uni, you should totally have a mini housewarming. yes, work it around my schedule, LOL.
ID	4	i miss my daddy
ID	2	gawd the rain is too strong
ID	3	@lisaxjbx3 Goodnight is not on the trending topics.  lol
ID	2	@thomasfiss ur gonna be missed you know  but i hope things will be better for you
ID	2	is now going to see his very ill uncle on saturday and spend the night at his house as even more bad news has come up
ID	4	owww i think i tore something in my leg
ID	2	morning, still trying to find a babysitter, there is a creche at the gym so might leave him there, but just know he won't be happy
ID	2	I don't want to work tomorrow. I don't feel good. Haven't felt good in 4 days =/ My body needs rest but my mind won't slow down!
ID	3	Oh ffs :@ a don't get paid till monday :@:@:@ :$. Sorry william, gonna have to wait till next weekend till I give you   :@
ID	4	@Beckinelson idkk if il get to see it again
ID	4	Bah day is not ending as nicely as it began
ID	4	Already 26.1c in our office. Can people melt? We're fighting for air con because fans just don't help, but can't find the budget
ID	3	@theJBs @wearecutaways  We were all set to get a room last Saturday! I can't apologise enough for missing out Deccy
ID	3	@aravindkumar Whats up today..? missed the #coffeeclub that day
ID	2	@ApDiggles That was a horrible day.
ID	3	I wanna see the Jonas Brothers in concert..
ID	2	@zoecorkhill do you get headaches a lot? What painkillers do you take? Nothing works for mine
ID	4	@iamdiddy I don't think they sale Ciroc where I stay..Damn..thats just my luck
ID	2	feels very, very rough!
ID	3	Tucking myself in tonight  Mogwai on repeat
ID	3	@Melissa808 nah im pooped from moving 2day im just laying down relaxing  lol
ID	4	@ferretwho Defeated by a Polo
ID	2	Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday = EXAM !!  wow shit
ID	3	Today is my last official day of Uni! No more balancing uni work with music!!!! Til october atleast
ID	4	@violetbakes My friend is a massive Beatles fan, and she wasn't impressed
ID	3	Nevermind! Beyonce doesn't have a Twitter  Haha
ID	4	@kathtrinder @samscam what's that? The sun? No sign here
ID	4	@Emiily_Kate i know its heaps awesome. if your not working all weekend
ID	0	As predicted i feel lyk shit  gahh i hate bein ill!! At wrk tweet lata xx
ID	1	As predicted i feel lyk shit  gahh i hate bein ill!! At wrk tweet lata xx
ID	2	@shinyflash my plans might have just gone out the window too  bit gutted.
ID	4	@mistermagnus A friend uses Logic and I must admit I did like it...but I don't have a Mac
ID	3	@caldjr yeh me 2
ID	2	can't go to sleeeeeep  whyyyyy
ID	3	@mizplunderbunny *hugs* why?
ID	4	It's too hot to be sat in an office!  I wanna be out in the sun shineeeee.
ID	3	I'm missing crab legs and attending my going away instead!
ID	2	Maybe I'm lacking in Friday feeling cos more of my trousers won't go on  Thunder thighs!
ID	2	I have a broken wrist
ID	3	Just got Skyfire (http://get.skyfire.com/).  Firts impressions, it looks good but it's a little too memory hungry for my ageing HTC TyTN
ID	2	the @collegedems 2009 convention ( http://tr.im/mLvw ) doesn't look that great this year  - going to vegas then sounds much more fun
ID	2	@HellenBach then he has gone down in my estimation
ID	2	I'm awake and can't sleep bc I'm feeling sick  yuck!!!
ID	2	@allergymeds im allergic to cats! my tonsils get swollen and they hurt  what do i dooo?!
ID	2	@arielleGore phaket.  what did anneliese want to do?
ID	3	@sarahkate1 sleepover's the shit! I love those guy, I totally forgot they played tonight
ID	2	Bought new racquet for $145... wish this racquet will do the  half and God the rest .well despite recession things are fkin costly
ID	3	Why can't I see WHITE SOX players @ random bars I go to.. NOT Cubs players  waaah
ID	4	@BlueEyed_Cat @himynameisrose we all know and yes dont remind me im so effin jealous  fuck aust some times
ID	2	@wizofozgurl I think I'm going to be the only lame person to cry for Jay's last episode...lol... I wish I were able to go
ID	2	I lost followers  Was it something I said?  I swear I am not into freeballing.  Ugg that is the last time I mention that thing.
ID	0	I feel so useless
ID	1	I feel so useless
ID	4	Is now crying  Omg I am fed up with this pain !!!
ID	0	awhile ago it freaking hot! now it's wet  turn off!
ID	1	awhile ago it freaking hot! now it's wet  turn off!
ID	4	I'm up way to early today!  Work later.
ID	2	Wow.....I've been stood up  Might as well go to work.
ID	4	im really tired.. not much time to sleep
ID	2	@peacelovetylr Help i need the stalker police can you give me their number
ID	4	@codemonkeyism there were attempts to somehow extend inner classes, which would be close to #closure, can't find the ref ATM
ID	2	@amandapalmer was there going to be a recording of with the needle that stings in her heart on youtube or something? i missed the stream
ID	4	sad day!!!!! Love you Ma (8 years ago!)
ID	3	All alone in this old house again.  Thanks for the net which keeps me alive and kicking! Whoever invented the net, i wanna kiss your hair!
ID	2	@nikhilbelsare exactly the same problem i am having with pure classical music, i cant njoy it
ID	4	Is going to get a full nights sleep tonight so her arm can get better. It's no fun being forced to use your left hand
ID	2	is scanning the pics all over again ..
ID	4	@jennytalia SHUT YOUR FACE! Why are you so mean to me? Pedro is supposed to be the mean one
ID	4	... and its FFA *evil grin* but Im so busy at work today I wont get anything done
ID	2	always tired, always cold and always have a headache.  cant wait for vacashun..and the frickin g1 update..i want onscreen keyboard dammit!
ID	0	@x_Beckiie_x omg are you going to see it?! another reason to not live in devon none of the f***in cinemas have the film im so annoyed
ID	1	@x_Beckiie_x omg are you going to see it?! another reason to not live in devon none of the f***in cinemas have the film im so annoyed
ID	2	is there a way to &quot;stabalise&quot; a shaky video in post production? I apparently have a very shaky hand.
ID	0	Aaaaaaaa!! I hate fucking winshit!!
ID	1	Aaaaaaaa!! I hate fucking winshit!!
ID	2	That room will be an oven too
ID	0	Think it may be time for a  lemsip soon, having a cold really sucks
ID	1	Think it may be time for a  lemsip soon, having a cold really sucks
ID	2	i have to go to the doctor... i don't want to... cause there i can wait sooo long...
ID	4	Fell down the stairs at dancing, sword fell on me and now my bum hurts
ID	2	@LycoLoco i'm not proud. but os x excels at video/photo editing where the pc lags so much behind.
ID	2	Its 1:11am and both my girls are still up! .. im so tired ..
ID	2	Internet is getting damn slow today..
ID	3	SAD day! love you Ma (8 years ago!) miss you so much!!!!
ID	4	@wethedan nope, would be no music
ID	4	@JustDarline DArLiNE!!* miss you
ID	2	Just missed my train
ID	2	@iprmktg Haaay are those the Kettle black joints???  I have them in black!!! Super dope, just wished they came in gold!!!
ID	2	driving around for 3 hours going nowhere is not as fun as it seems, i missed my singing lesson
ID	2	You all have no Idea how badly I wish that I was at botcon.  Oh well! NEXT YEAR!
ID	2	@illestnana me and my friend over here are disappointed we cant make it
ID	4	Why didn't I book today off as well could not be bothered with work the weather is too good to be in here
ID	0	@alexlomas Bastard! I want to be at the beach in the sun
ID	1	@alexlomas Bastard! I want to be at the beach in the sun
ID	2	@MadamSalami i had to get the same sized jeans, i couldnt get my hips into the 14's
ID	2	cant believe i stay out this late!.....waking up for work in T-minus 4hours
ID	3	@QueenKelso dooood! it is working! tea time later? are you working tonight?
ID	2	@CNReilly I missed Match Game tonight    I hope I make it tomorrow night.
ID	3	UP was awesome! Everyone should go see it.  But the stupid theatre didn't show the Pixar short film.
ID	4	@ncremins thats not really fair. I mean you just up and leave like that and you dont even give us a party  So when you coming back or  ...
ID	3	I hereby proclaim it to officially be summer as it is AWESOME today! But I'm stuck inside a chilly office
ID	0	I bruised my toe worse than my I did my finger. It fuckin hurts right now even with ice on it
ID	1	I bruised my toe worse than my I did my finger. It fuckin hurts right now even with ice on it
ID	0	@ShiGGaShay - I only get bubble tea during the cambodian new year - only once a year  &amp; when i do, i stand in line for over 10-15 min.
ID	1	@ShiGGaShay - I only get bubble tea during the cambodian new year - only once a year  &amp; when i do, i stand in line for over 10-15 min.
ID	2	@jackfaulkner I forgot all of those people
ID	3	had the lovliest night last night but was ruined by doctors inability to warn me of side effects. back again for more tests.
ID	2	cant take photos of Darling Harbour fireworks cause its raining  carried all my camera gear to work for nothing #fb
ID	2	just woke up, and my tummy hurts  there's always something wrong with me :S
ID	3	@MrsSOsbourne Hi Sharon Missed you on our x factor last year!!  Come Back!! x
ID	2	Seems like 60 min wait time  should I call the wife now
ID	4	@tahninial just called me a cheeseburglar. He made me sad
ID	2	Not happy got a big choice to make
ID	4	Getting bored sitting at the hotel room the entire day
ID	0	@Sarahies I will be ok when I have been to the drs again today and got my essay done  x howre you?? x
ID	1	@Sarahies I will be ok when I have been to the drs again today and got my essay done  x howre you?? x
ID	2	@Anne_A4L Hey Anne! I stayed up 2 try 2 arrange 4 some NYC Archies 2 get tix 2 the concert. Logged off @ 2.30 but only fell asleep @ 5am
ID	3	Bumping Air Supply's Greastest Hits
ID	2	@christineduggan we keep getting pet days  but i heard the weekend is to be fab !!! wedding how soon again ?
ID	4	can't believe I'm peeling from one and a half days of sunshine
ID	2	I don't know what this is all about  but I'm goin to sleep
ID	2	@SamerKaram but better hurry, so you wouldn't be labeled as copycats
ID	3	Will be flying to Ontario in 4 hours!Will probably stay awake.I will be there for a 8 days...Camping 4 the first time YAY!I am sleepy now
ID	3	is gutted to be at work when it is sooo nice outside
ID	3	is going back home  love ya Zagrebe &lt;3
ID	0	Geography papers are so boring!  I hate revision!
ID	1	Geography papers are so boring!  I hate revision!
ID	2	[BBC] Malaria parasites becoming resistant to drugs  http://trunc.it/9yn5 ~ this is really not good as Malaria affects so many people
ID	2	Morning all. I appear to have a bit of a sore head. Perhaps the bag of pork scratchings for dinner wasn't such a good idea
ID	0	urgh, my head is banging.
ID	1	urgh, my head is banging.
ID	2	@professorgreen &amp; you still are not following me
ID	2	@Cleric20 Nope. Im hearing bad things.
ID	2	My attempts at writing tonight seem to be failing.
ID	0	@robinlefeber Ojee! That sucks...
ID	1	@robinlefeber Ojee! That sucks...
ID	3	staring at the sunshine through my office window!
ID	4	I wish I had a concept of what time it is right now....  not adjusting well. Obvs.
ID	2	i juz registered my cp in twitter, but my tweets wont go thru? Argh..Hmm wanna follow my idols lyk @DavidArchie away from the PC..
ID	4	Feeling pretty poo today
ID	2	ugh. I totally can't sleep.
ID	4	I wanna go to the beach...but I have to study
ID	4	What's worse than a fever and sore throat? Cancelling a trip to see your little bro because of a fever and sore throat.
ID	4	On a brighter note.. still at work at 6:15 on Friday working on other peoples problems...  oh man. I'm SO eating pizza tonight. hoorah!
ID	2	@kpatthethird D; im sowwwy  urgh i feel bad &gt;.&lt; kkkkkkk so should i call you when i get 2 bullschitt?
ID	3	@shanzer22  you're missing out, bb! i'm such a cereal nut, i think i like every kind available.
ID	2	@gulpanag unfortunately I choose sleep over gym almost everyday  trying to get over it!
ID	3	@Banette_ good to be back! It's really late though and I just got back from scaring some people and I'm pleased but really tired
ID	0	Oh fml its probs gunna be at shepards bush  i hate it there
ID	1	Oh fml its probs gunna be at shepards bush  i hate it there
ID	2	@Danisidhe Wow - that's one deep sleep!  Wish I could sleep like that -one little noise and I'm awake
ID	2	@cutiemoet i noe... bt i jus cant help it.....
ID	2	@TwoOnTheBeat i wud do but im at work   srry xx
ID	2	@kelleyrowe my internet just crashed  i will ttytomorrow.
ID	0	Anyone got any remedies for neck pain? Haven't been able to turn my head properly without a bad twinge for a few days now
ID	1	Anyone got any remedies for neck pain? Haven't been able to turn my head properly without a bad twinge for a few days now
ID	4	Had a crazy night, lost keys, walked home, missed my papi's calls from the swizzy.    I'm sad
ID	3	Mooorning! It's Friday, and that's terrific! Smile up!    :-|      :-D
ID	2	@primesuspect  If only my writing wasn't so scrub.
ID	2	gotta get up in a few hours...booo  gooodnight!
ID	4	missed the #jonaswebcast
ID	3	I WANT LASAGNA TOOOOOOO.
ID	4	At millys having some yummy asian food! Haha. And listening to let go, such a sad song
ID	0	My record player has decided to die. Why on Friday night? Sad E  http://twitpic.com/667a4
ID	1	My record player has decided to die. Why on Friday night? Sad E  http://twitpic.com/667a4
ID	4	my blog is crashing my browser
ID	4	My mind is playing tricks or me!...or could it be? Either way this ish is on my mind heavy and in sleepy
ID	2	I miss my peanut gallery
ID	4	@LaylaNatalie nowhere babe  ice come to do a few jobs here this morning *sigh*
ID	3	aww @iCONtips you are too kind!! Hi sweetie! Are you guys out partying without me   I'm the only person who came to work 2nite lol
ID	2	@djain1989 yes .. thats a problem   #prism #fail
ID	4	@terryronald When does it close? I didn't think it'd been running that long? I still haven't had chance to see it!
ID	0	I can't sleep ugh!! and I have shit to do all damn day tomorrow. Wanting to take a sleeping pill but I know Ill get up late
ID	1	I can't sleep ugh!! and I have shit to do all damn day tomorrow. Wanting to take a sleeping pill but I know Ill get up late
ID	2	@dc493 sassafrass reminds me of rachel  i miss her
ID	2	@mhall214  youre not supposed to...
ID	2	@AlexMaza thanks for the follow! Isafailure was supposed 2 b a team thing, but my friend hasn't emailed me or communicated n 4ever
ID	4	@ladybug8320 oh yes i sure will, but sad cause i will miss the view at the house am leaving actually
ID	4	#liesboystell Your the only one, I love (they really have several women)
ID	2	@dean_b BF @ gig in Portland OR.  That's not driving distance to come save me from Burbank. I stuck ATM.  Working on plan B
ID	2	@NikkiNoo1956 That's not good, sorry to hear that, where did he park it?
ID	4	@NANCY___ just got your TWEETS. that sucks my love
ID	2	is house bound with acute mumps  bad times.... whole day ov supernatural me thinks  x
ID	3	sadly awake. wondering about contact info for all of the fun folks I hung out with at the shop. YAY 23b!!! Miss you guys
ID	3	@realchrissystar we'll be back sunday to play @ the horse, I was out last night at mex you were not  miss you
ID	4	fuck elora danan are breaking up  too and im missing their last nsw show too  def need to hit up melbs !! someone come with ?
ID	4	I guess its bedtime. Goodnight twitter.  my bed is so big and empty without him.
ID	3	@streetkingpin Well my battery just needed a jump...and now I gotta pay extra to get my nail fixed
ID	2	OK crowdsourcing failed,
ID	2	why have 3 people stopped following me  is it something I said??
ID	2	My acid refulx is acting upprobably the worst it's been in months. I don't think I'll be getting any sleep tonight.
ID	0	@maddieprior mother is hogging the TV
ID	1	@maddieprior mother is hogging the TV
ID	2	i cant sleep ughh n i have registration tomorrow at 11 this suxs   *Shooting Star*
ID	3	I thought when u go #2 your tummy is supposed to feel better not worse
ID	4	My car broke down.   Time to start looking at getting another.  If its not one thing its another.
ID	2	Oh no  I wanted to go to sea but today the sun is not here!  SIGH!
ID	2	@torilovesbradie definitely, or even just &quot;i'll call you&quot;, they never do  how was ur day? xx
ID	3	@benmatewe being updated to have multiple 'skins' for different GT members. Nightmare. 82k of CSS to hack!  No time to redo; woe is me.
ID	4	@subray put me right off my scrambled egg breakfast  #fartingloud
ID	2	Guys i dont think chris loves me   he never show me attenition or affection   i think its time to end it.  What you think?
ID	2	@funhiguy Hi man, yeah I so wanna go, but I'm on Maui  #liloven
ID	2	Installed office for Mac &amp; messed up all my fonts on safari, crap on a stick! help! can't even read the solutions online  #badmicrosoft
ID	2	I'm thirsty in the middle of the night and get to the fridge only to find my Brand New bottle of Cran-Cherry juice gone....  FML moment!!
ID	2	@yin9shi what interview! leave me alone
ID	2	i got a bruise on my foot out if nowhere!  it hurts!
ID	2	finally graduation no more school ... im sick today
ID	4	My assistant had me watch The Notebook. I miss Deborah
ID	4	it's official- the Twilight Saga has ended...*sigh*...my life is empty!
ID	4	@SamGrierson awwww....    , ah well at least I can sober up for a week or 2 and possibly get to the gym.....u gonna make music live? xx
ID	4	@pinkbunny69 awww thts no good hun-i'm having the worst day as i'm sick as
ID	3	@AlexaRPD Nice action shot: http://bit.ly/m8zfx  I miss working a pole.   __ dont you see clients everyday?  lol
ID	4	@breagrant Thought you was one of the best on Heroes, pitty they are killing all of the good characters off  how do i use this thing!? lol
ID	4	Nooo! I'm ill  Must Have Paracetamol! Nice weather today, though.
ID	2	@BunnyLuv87 Sorry I didn't go  Jesus wasn't feeling it. And you know I can't see it with out my best bud. Well that movie anyways @Eexst
ID	4	wow, serious hard time sleeping. on a decongestant and its keeping me wide awake. I JUST WANNA SLEEP
ID	2	@afrocurl mark harmon just got shot on my tv
ID	2	that was terrible...
ID	3	lovely day again... hope it continues all weekend, I'm stuck at my desk today
ID	2	Bug in damn cod4 system link. My map pack isnt working
ID	2	fuck, can't sleep.  feening for cigs. i'm horrible. :X
ID	3	Back at work
ID	3	Good Morning Every1!!! Its gorgeous out again n im stuck in work  Wish i was at home chillin out.. Hopefully tha day goes quick  doh !!
ID	4	@gedhead if only @stephenfry wouldn't have some fiftythousand followers... hugh laurie's just a needle in a haystack now!
ID	2	@LoveisTrain it drained my energy
ID	0	Hates headaches! Maybe I'm not ready to rock
ID	1	Hates headaches! Maybe I'm not ready to rock
ID	4	4th time in 1 month that i'm spending time @garage, for a broken airco this time.... sigh, great with this weekends weather
ID	0	@razzbingo britain is shit
ID	1	@razzbingo britain is shit
ID	3	company is offering 2nd round of VSS RIF!
ID	2	@taylorswift13 ....... i'm wondering if you're as awake as i am. ?
ID	4	Is going to miss Reemer for a couple of months now the tour is over
ID	2	The test today was killer. I didn't even manage to finish on time.
ID	3	watched the Bones finale last night in the UK &amp; it rocked!! oh how much I missed Zack!!!  @EricMillegan is so freakin' awesome &lt;3
ID	3	Someone bring me milk for my cookies!
ID	4	@MAVinBKK I know but the wait will be worth it - November just seems so far away at the moment  ;)
ID	3	@RikkAlaniz I'm glad he didn't get too hurt, I know some bad things can happen on motorcycles  you and everyone else are okay too, right?
ID	4	is now writing 100-word newsbites  http://plurk.com/p/wyb4h
ID	4	@ankurb english screwed up my overall percentage in X, in XII again and probably in adm tests too. shit happens.
ID	2	@pete too early I'm afraid  op to take screw out week Tuesday. The family will going off, I'll me looking fir that Guinness ;)
ID	2	@KinanLW Wah, why are you sad?
ID	4	low low low low low low low low low.............................
ID	2	@mathewsanders boo! I must've deleted it from my phone!  can't find it in my emails either!
ID	4	I'm slowly reallizing how this burn I got at work 5 hours ago really sucks
ID	2	2 hours after teleconference. but can't go back to sleep. got some work to do. sigh sigh
ID	2	@_hayles yer there must be-not sure tho-caught it off my brother but got it worse
ID	2	my iMac's died  keeps cutting out for no reason. Anyone recommend a good mac place for service / parts? Think I need a new power supply
ID	3	on later than normal this morning, got attacked by a swarm of mini fly's after opening the veranda last night took an hour to get rid!!
ID	2	Leaving for Paris tonight. Trying to cram all my assignments for the week done in two days.   I think I'm half done, I hope.
ID	2	it's almost comforting to know all LDN people not working on this beautiful day will get skin cancer.... I want out of this office now
ID	0	@nicko236 It was an app that changed your wallpaper to one of several hundred at random intervals. It's hard to find good wallpapers.
ID	1	@nicko236 It was an app that changed your wallpaper to one of several hundred at random intervals. It's hard to find good wallpapers.
ID	2	red update: temp of 40+. Suspected infection. Antibiotics given. Appt tomorrow to check temp again. fingers crossed.  #fb
ID	4	@lupin_bebop that's lame, sorry
ID	2	is having a hard time concentrating today.  Have to get it together!
ID	4	knee surgery.... back home for about 6 weeks
ID	3	@joehhzeh in august with anberlin. they're not headlining though  and yes there is a perth show
ID	2	@JulieAdore I checked ULCA, they've got a program in producing, I'll be so much interested in. But....
ID	2	My neck hurts a lot.
ID	3	The Blowout ended
ID	4	@sassisam agh mine just left for New York last month!!
ID	4	@KINGmoney yep and its freezing, i hate winter  im literally wearing blackets
ID	2	dual reject ...  http://tinyurl.com/mfm7tl
ID	4	My room is too hot to sleep in.
ID	2	Shit... It's 2am and I'm wide awake
ID	2	29 mei, missing my dad for over a year now
ID	2	@neg2led what's wrong?  maybe I can help?
ID	2	I definitely feel sorry for Jamie Stewart... Amsterdam audience can really suck (www.xiuxiu.org and read his post of May 27th  )
ID	3	Looks like a beautiful day...and I am off work til Sunday, yay!! No bbq as yet though, gonna have to postpone my invitations
ID	2	i thought payday was today but its on saturday  so happy hour wont be happening today lol...thank goodness its friday tho !!
ID	3	@Nasnous Thanks bro but I'm awake already  How are you?
ID	2	Feeling sick the now
ID	2	@NatashaTamara awwwwww....I know that feeling!!
ID	4	is way too sleepy to be awake
ID	3	Looking for photo inspiration. But everything I want to do required more space than I have
ID	2	agh! freaking out about going to Wales already! &gt;&lt; not packed!!
ID	3	@Kellyke28 You poor thing  Hang in there. -xxx- luf joe
ID	4	I overslept  headache
ID	2	Raaaaaaaaaaagh early morning  and its not even early!! Must leave for work in 6 minutes...
ID	2	he's ok dw but i think he's not  http://plurk.com/p/wybsv
ID	3	morning all....beautiful day...best go enjoy some sunshine before i have to go to work...unfortunately
ID	4	@drumstickboy I also used to be close with adiel and sabby. But now they changed alot. I like when we were in sec 1.
ID	2	Just watched hella home movies with my aunt and uncle. I miss the days where our whole family got along
ID	2	The stars are out. Where were you when I needed you
ID	2	@ashleeadams no wonder you hate driving and country roads and stuff
ID	2	@maddysen ohhh i wanna go  gahhh but i dunnooooooo :S me confuzzzledd should i or not???
ID	3	@rms70 ooh how is Milan? i could do with a holiday! Bfoyf is off to Geneva today visiting fam so ive got a weekend on my own
ID	4	@kevincl Same here. But I am just going to browse SA until I get bored.
ID	2	@ryankanno ack, no can see @mustheartdogs either.  and weird, these tweets are in my mentions, but not my timeline (oh wait, new Twitter)
ID	3	@sotongs Sigh
ID	2	33 minutes left before my flannel hobbit shoes get wet  RAIN, PLS GO AWAY!
ID	2	Can't believe we're going through redundancies again! The government has well and truly screwed up..  Off with their heads!!
ID	4	@ConcertJunkie &quot;I SAAAAAAID!!&quot; Haha. It kinda makes me sad though.  http://bit.ly/uJUA3
ID	4	@nursebettie666 he is the meanest lil boy ever!!!!!!!!!! When I was a lil girl everyone loved me
ID	2	my knee hurts!
ID	2	planning June - lots of appointments. meeting, briefings and litte time to finish my reports
ID	4	#freeagentapp free trial ran out today, cannot subscribe because Abby accidentally canceled my card - still waiting for a new one
ID	0	trying to get used to twitter, i have a cold
ID	1	trying to get used to twitter, i have a cold
ID	3	@primaveron I need them  It would've made my picture so much cooler. Mine are bottle green. Eeyea-thooo!
ID	2	Rain stopped a few minutes ago. I noticed that every time I cheer for the rain while it's raining, it stops. I shall not cheer next time.
ID	2	i really need to go and start some more revision,biology or chemistry today me thinks
ID	2	Ready for the trip. Not ready to leave my baby!!!!
ID	3	Archie Proposes Veronica in the Latest Archie's Comic. The Longest known Love Triangle is coming to an End. Poor Betty.
ID	4	Guitar lessons tomorrow. ( I have to wake up early again.
ID	4	Last day in Exeter! Had last session in gym, last breakfast.. last meeting coming up
ID	4	I'm so dizzy already and I'm only on the third page of chapter 73  *plops head*
ID	2	i misss my phone,
ID	4	I'm soooo sleepy  but I'm not a home just yet
ID	3	waiting for PRINCES PROTECTION PROGRAM online in English version  so long
ID	4	So Tired. It's not right to have to get up so early
ID	4	i have a headache
ID	3	@eljefe1401 oh, joy. We have the Elmo potty video too.
ID	4	@livetosingxo and i had our first fight
ID	2	@andymakesurandy don't worry iPhone users are just as privileged  wish i were heading to the pool
ID	2	Jinxed myself! Damn system upgrade didn't stick... Starting again
ID	0	preparing for my spanish.. BAAAAAAAAAAH
ID	1	preparing for my spanish.. BAAAAAAAAAAH
ID	3	http://bit.ly/Wl9yL  i want to go here
ID	4	Some of the figures quoted are so wildly optimistic, they are the stuff of science fiction.  A bit disapointed in CIBER and SABIP
ID	2	So I played this game , yeahhhhh I lost  I'm inlove ughh....really cause I'm such a fool.
ID	2	my boss is bullying me...
ID	2	K now I'm really going to bed even tho I ain't tired  night! &lt;3
ID	3	@lavsmohan In my case, it's going to be exams showing me a thing or two.  I'm very much hopeful about November '09, though.
ID	4	It's clear intellectually that severing my relationship was best, yet my heart seems 2 B in complete disagreement. It hurts so so much
ID	4	@ashleeadams I don't know what to say except *hugs*
ID	4	10 minutes to boarding; 14 hours to home. no window seat
ID	3	Anyone up this te of night? The tweets have slowed down  let me know ur out there and I'll follow u
ID	2	is sad his new SB6 CD's got nicked
ID	4	@amerz Love it! I wish my other half could even name web design ladies
ID	2	@Keiyaunna I normally dnt sleep until like 6  cud never sleep at night n ur entertainment
ID	2	Layin in bed awake. Txtin my girl in vegas. Wishin I didn't have to work and I was w her
ID	0	I am so damn hungry it's not even funny!
ID	1	I am so damn hungry it's not even funny!
ID	4	#bigfanfriday 2day, &amp; i go &amp; friggin loose 1, life sucks!!
ID	3	leather shoes and bags are so hard to resist..
ID	4	@ihuntmidgets I just wish @kimmikennedy would send a bruh a DM 'I won't be on til' so I don't waste my erection on a bot
ID	3	Working on a newsletter but I'd say I've got a writer's block atm  - take a deep breath and get on with it, girl...
ID	2	My mobile has stopped recieving text messages AGAIN. Stoooopid thing
ID	3	@StorIbook8 I see. Lol. I'll make it fun for you to follow me tomorrow...I have to go to bed now.
ID	2	@thecoffeewhore I'm sowwy.   It sucks, I know, I've been there. Yay for half days though!
ID	2	chillin after a LOOOONNNGGG day of basketball  hella tired sleepy time zzzz
ID	2	I think my iPod touch may be breaking itself.
ID	3	@andyroddick At work at the mo and it's so sunny here today   Off to see a band tonight!!
ID	3	I want to play parachute games.
ID	0	@cynimarie p.s. There is such thing as having too much sushi! Bleeeeah!
ID	1	@cynimarie p.s. There is such thing as having too much sushi! Bleeeeah!
ID	2	@mapsadaisical just tried DMing you but it tried to download some strange file so stopped!  How come no gmail MaccyM?  Missing you  SADS!!
ID	2	Revision Time, Biology exam monday
ID	2	@cutiemoet u think its fair...... k den i guess m wrng.... still i feel its not at all fair....
ID	3	Such a nice day...and we're all working
ID	0	What a gorgeous day!! And I'm going to be stuck in a lab for the next 9 hours or so
ID	1	What a gorgeous day!! And I'm going to be stuck in a lab for the next 9 hours or so
ID	4	[Wrong!] #liesboystell Your the only one, I love (they really have several women)  http://tinyurl.com/nl6pct
ID	3	@ShelbyRayne no im doing it in the morning, lol. i know i havent slept at all
ID	3	I was glorious at 6.50 when I went outside, so why has it gone cold and cloudy now
ID	4	Felt like crap, behaved like my son; ate to compensate. Pigged out on home-roasted sugar almonds. Painful tum, threw up, still feel sick.
ID	4	right, so richard marx's right here waiting is really making me feel nauseatingly sad.
ID	2	Ugh my neck really hurts  I'm out aquatards, xox
ID	4	@captblackeagle  miss you captain
ID	2	@lick_it_good den fell asleep on me!!!
ID	2	http://bit.ly/1052x1  DO WANT. I need a PS3 soon.
ID	2	Dentist in less than 2 hours  Arrgghh. I like my teeth the way they are. Except for the toothache, but that's a minor quibble.
ID	4	@KnightOnline booooo, at least give us what the mantanence is for? we've waited this long, can we have hints clues or full detail pls?
ID	4	ready 4 the weekend! yay me. even though once its over, im the lucky person that gets to work 10 days in a row till i get another one off
ID	4	@b4dm1n7on I heard that you can't make it!!
ID	4	At school, it's so boring
ID	2	aw! I'm gonna miss my old username... nick jonas, shontelle layne, and sean kingston replied to my OLD USERNAME!  I'm gonna start all over
ID	3	@jradc Awww....gnight.  haha
ID	2	I'm so worried about my sister's guinea pig. I hope Stalin makes it through tonight!  you can do it baby!!
ID	3	@adrenalynntoao Hope you feel better! If your alone we can talk until your ready to go to bed...I'm alone too
ID	4	its raining... I hate rain...  going to shop and drink coffee all day.
ID	2	Else find this extremely unfair and unjust. The people spoke about the mmj laws 10 years ago here and yet our voices are still not heard.
ID	4	@KINOFLYHIGH fuck i shouldnt have left!
ID	2	Hey Fused Gaming, FusedGaming Forums have been delayed until 9PM PT/12AM ET tonight... sorry   (abean2007 live &gt; http://ustre.am/1ntp)
ID	4	hm...still workin on my contract.hmm...i'm feelin awful..
ID	2	The sun is wonderful but makes me feel incredibly fat.. The less clothes and more exposure thing  today I diet. Again......
ID	3	What a beautiful day! Going to edit Lisa Maxwell interview from her last day at The Bill now. Shame I can't see my laptop screen outside
ID	4	@iamdiddy it is so sad that me and my roommate fry chicken just about every night @ 330 4. We just finished tonight's batch
ID	2	The sneezing begins...
ID	3	good morning! off to the gym I go
ID	4	@girlx they're at the bottom of the thing and aren't moving at all. feels bad man.
ID	3	I think I love a part of me saying some cynical words. Even though I smile when I say them. Do you think it's bad?
ID	2	it makes me  when i see people replying to people that are only after followers and would never reply back
ID	3	@ashetler I've totally been MIA, i know  bad me
ID	2	Oh no... that bird is back
ID	4	oowww...why do wisdom teeth hurt so much
ID	2	Isnt looking forward to going back to work. 3 days off isnt long enough
ID	3	@SexySkins Miss you!!
ID	2	On my way to work! I'm runnin late and I'm sooooo tired!
ID	2	@ladybug8320 ooh, work im afarid  looking forward to a sunny weekeknd tho!!!
ID	2	@theerealfdhc OMG, my regards to ur nephew. I'm sorry for ur loss
ID	0	i'm sick of waking up and feeling exhausted
ID	1	i'm sick of waking up and feeling exhausted
ID	2	My paradise fly catchers abandoned their nest....  they are starting again... but it's gonna b tough
ID	2	@dabobabo I can't believe this! Did they give you any reason?
ID	2	still ill. HOW LONG MUST THIS GO ON?! meh meh, stuck at home doing history revision til 10.30am
ID	2	It is really hot now. I have shorts on and plenty of factor 20! No fish caught yet, they may be spawning
ID	4	@gleeding Need a tickettttt  Gah. Ya you've got me on there, reason346.. Haven't listened to dear Elliott for a few weeks...overdue..
ID	4	I can't sleep!!  epp someone is awake and it scared the crap outta me!
ID	2	One of these days I'm going to delete something really important   Someone, please, restrict my access!
ID	3	just got up, smoking a cig and drinking coffee.. i need to start working on my final project for the univ
ID	0	hate this fucking cold. i can't stop sneezing. and claratyne only works for an hr or 2
ID	1	hate this fucking cold. i can't stop sneezing. and claratyne only works for an hr or 2
ID	2	@YOitsEILEEN And web-less starting the day after that  #homeless
ID	2	just seen 1 of the fat single Mums from up the road &quot;seductively&quot; sprawled across some poor blokes bonnet. He probably needs new shockers
ID	2	cannot go, cannot refused to feel the pain
ID	3	AH! so nice to be back on bike commute although three days off and my (what google sez are called) my quadriceps literally screaming. gah
ID	3	@iAmiAdam Hes away longer then me. Im only away for a few hours
ID	2	@ShomariW LOL. PR is AMERICA!!! LMAO!!! He dont like me... theres nothing I can do!
ID	2	I was hoping ABC will pick up &quot;king of the hill&quot; but they said no
ID	2	My poor andrew just had 2 of his wisdom teeth removed.  i wish he'll get better fast.
ID	2	did not sleep a wink last night  X
ID	4	beautiful day... and im working  leaving now so i can get some sun though
ID	2	went to bed last night with the feeling of a migraine coming and woke up feeling worse.
ID	2	today is my last day of high school! most things i do today will be my last time doing them..  pure CRAZINESS!
ID	3	@truestepper Other people have their Glasgow ones, standing and seats, for all nights.
ID	3	@DJIronik hmm....well it aint that hot in hull lol   xx
ID	4	@skateramps omfg  whyyyyyy not that sucks!!! and r18?? wtf...  T.A.I. getcho' asses down here
ID	3	im going to work
ID	4	I got a new high speed Machine stuffed with latest technology for Development in office but it z crashed now
ID	2	Bob Dylan - It Aint Me Babe. Important day today, tell you guys more later. Off to work, iIm late
ID	4	@kateesslemont i tried. and failed
ID	4	Elena left this morning. Nine months spent living with her and now it'll probably be about 2 years till I see her again. Hmph.
ID	4	@Wiccawise21   We're idiots.  Ok mostly I was skint but hell I could've done something......
ID	3	Just found out my kitty isn't pregnant  its a good thing though, we are going to adopt one instead
ID	2	Forced myself out of bed this morning, but failed to cycle in. Damn.
ID	4	I was sleeping soo good but just woke up like 10 mins ago n got sick  not feeling so great. I wanna go back to sleep but I'm wide awake.
ID	4	Happy Grey's day everyone! Oh I miss Grey's!!
ID	2	We'll be moving from a strength to a hypertrophy phase for chest, back, shoulders and arms for the next few weeks. Legs will stay behind
ID	2	jerk josh! didn't even come meet me  - im thinking of a number guess ?
ID	2	i am not happy at all
ID	2	Im regretting the alcohol I consumed last night, MY HEAD
ID	2	Bloody servers are down at work for at least 3 hours. Want to go home now!
ID	0	in the mailbox already for 2 hours
ID	1	in the mailbox already for 2 hours
ID	2	@CourtneySit Hey are you quiet today or is it me...work was nuts today...no tweeting time
ID	3	Feeling a little under the weather today  got a funny tummy - however, the sun is shining and I'm at home. Yay!
ID	2	Is in the badbooks again, don't know why I bother
ID	2	@mrtrev *hug* yep I hate that meself
ID	2	In KL now took wrong turn after Sg Besi now jam in city center
ID	4	im so hungry and i have nothing to eat
ID	0	@JeremyTheXIV i take it you're not a fan
ID	1	@JeremyTheXIV i take it you're not a fan
ID	2	That was a  and it's because I missed too many leg sessions recently.
ID	4	oooh battlestar galactica is on the other channel. it's the rebellion episode! man, i feel so sad about what became of gaeta.  i liked him
ID	2	@EPMorgan I can't even do that  not good!!
ID	2	eughhhh feels really ill today  - headache, bunged up and a sore throat - hayfever?
ID	2	won't be going to the Oxford Internet Institute Sunner Doctoral Programme in Brisbane: lack of funding
ID	4	@ijoostin Not so good  I think that's my fault though - didn't use buttermilk. Recipe was on back of the flour.
ID	2	@rookiepaul that doesnt sound like a good situation
ID	2	@steamsmyclams @ADalrymple I'm not a big fan of Costa  I ended up going to EAT as they have one outside our office!
ID	2	absolutely boiling! Got factor 50+ on! Must not turn orange, must not look like oompa lumpa... My left shoulder is burnt from yesterday
ID	2	Waiting for the bus. The bus is going to be uncomfortably hot I bet
ID	2	@imnothelz Oh that can't be nice
ID	4	@kirsty_l I got excited when I thought that exhibit was in Sydney. But it's not
ID	0	@lordofleisure Will have to it's only across the water and all. Just damned expensive
ID	1	@lordofleisure Will have to it's only across the water and all. Just damned expensive
ID	2	Wish someone would by my 90mm Mamiya MF lens. Needs the money
ID	4	Just got bullied by Dillah.  HELP!
ID	0	i can't studyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  i have an exam tom
ID	1	i can't studyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy  i have an exam tom
ID	2	Slept 7pm-almost 10pm, didn't fall asleep again until 3am, got back up at 5am. Aw, school.
ID	4	dam just finished watching Prison Break: the final break...omg i dont think i've cried so hard for a show..Finally understand the finale
ID	2	princess_I have to pack up my house today.. ButIneedhelp
ID	2	won't be going to the Oxford Internet Institute Summer Doctoral Programme in Brisbane: lack of funding
ID	3	@effyobie LOL. dood, i love you and miss you.
ID	2	is still waiting.
ID	2	I want to see my friends  Mindless fun. No work, all play. All drunk, all walwal. All being mean to each other and sleeping in one bed
ID	2	I failed my maths exam today. fxxxmylife
ID	4	afaik A LITTLE SAD THAT CROCCOS IS NO LONGER AVAILABLE FOR SALSA WED NIGHTS. BUMMER!!!!IENJOYED GOING THERE WED NIGHTS.
ID	0	i know i was wrong. maybe i shouldnt did all of those fuckin things like that
ID	1	i know i was wrong. maybe i shouldnt did all of those fuckin things like that
ID	2	Cross Country was today...Hmmphh my feet hurt
ID	4	@irrationallogic Yeah daw. Awww...  Wear a mask na!
ID	3	Working at home  Wifi not reaching the garden
ID	3	@Impala_Guy Maybe we will meet later again my friend - would luv too )) Im still at the office and have a lot of work
ID	2	was doing a hard copy doc review,while writing comments realized 've forgotten writing i.e. on paper,can hardly recognize or read it back
ID	2	&quot;sometime around midnight&quot; by The Airborne Toxic Event, literally cannot escape it. FML
ID	2	My cold now seems to me settling on my chest  worried I am sounding like a typical man with flu !
ID	3	@TaylaMe3 id poke u...on face book but u dont have 1  lol
ID	4	Enjoying the sun with a heavy heart no depeche this weekend  no spending time with the man I love too double gutted
ID	4	has a headache. wants to go out but doesn't think it's worth it, maybe, i don't know
ID	2	stranded @ delhi Airport  flight delayed
ID	2	will b having my last V tomorow   will have2live off of apples n not caffeine ;( n have2cut down on chocolate bye bye chocy
ID	4	Is Sitting Alone In A Very Quiet House !
ID	2	Has that sinking feeling that it's all about to go t*ts up.....bracing myself for the comedown
ID	2	is having brain blockage in musical thoughts
ID	0	Hey now that I'm on a roll everybody in twitter-ville is sleeping  grrr I never WIN :/ http://myloc.me/1Y2J
ID	1	Hey now that I'm on a roll everybody in twitter-ville is sleeping  grrr I never WIN :/ http://myloc.me/1Y2J
ID	2	Can't sleep, clowns will eat me
ID	3	Goin 2 eat some SMACKS 4 breakfast then getting started on my day- catch ya on the flipside- I really wish I cud go mobile-dang Bahrain
ID	0	Sick, sick, sick. This sucks. i can't even breathe properly
ID	1	Sick, sick, sick. This sucks. i can't even breathe properly
ID	2	It's /far/ too sticky hot today. I do wish my cars air conditioning worked
ID	2	Aaaa! I need to work today, Why cant i ever get the weekends off? It makes me want to cry
ID	2	@filanfurball sorry bout 2day  bloody typical,goin 4 a laydown now feel sick again,ooo this not nice x
ID	4	I'm up. getting ready for skill. can't wait to fail my bio final yay! ugh, honor classes suckkkk.  ):
ID	3	@Moyo88 oh no! I woke up accidentally.  how can we get you to fall asleep? Should I scare you with P2 or P3 stories? JK!
ID	4	The doggy is sad  cheer up Jessie!
ID	4	@paulshadwell Thanks for trying! Done just that and no good  If I can't fathom it I'll take it to Apple Store. Sigh...
ID	4	im sick and sad its cold
ID	3	Just finished work nd now waiting in the freezing cold drinking a mango magic, haha FAIL T.T mama, wheree are yu ? I'm cold
ID	0	sick of having constant bad dreams  grr
ID	1	sick of having constant bad dreams  grr
ID	2	@epic_zorz_peep count yourself lucky i was gonna say the OTHER word instead...and rsvp...sorry i cant come to ur birthday...day?
ID	2	Is feeling like he has a bad flu. Yes. Bad. Flu.
ID	2	Ohhh  only a bit of time left to have an account on the forums.. I do hope I get to be a leader some day :/
ID	2	i wish i could of been at commencement this yr  i wonder if they're really going to protest.
ID	2	I would Join you shopping but i have work all weekend  six degrees of seperation is confsuing
ID	2	isn't singing Oh what a beautiful day though it is from the musical Oklahoma  due to insomnia and a lot of noise outside motelroom
ID	2	Why am I limited to only being able to sync with 1 MS Exchange account on iPhone?  ... same goes for Outlook. Why can't I have more? Lame.
ID	4	It's a beautiful day outside today, shame I'm stuck in the office with the blinds shut to stop glare.
ID	0	@Jenniferlai7 What can you say about Jayk??I'm pretty pissed at pretty much everything right now
ID	1	@Jenniferlai7 What can you say about Jayk??I'm pretty pissed at pretty much everything right now
ID	2	@quwanaisnotmynm no  the love of my life is. so i guess now im definately shooting for good
ID	3	Aaaagh, aircon not working in my office
ID	2	@sofiacoyiuto my mac's hard drive crashed then i brought it to powermac, they couldn't recover the files  no back up (
ID	3	@iPat143  hmm.. idk that song.
ID	4	Why am I always the one on time. They are always late. I wanna sleep. I miss Mere.
ID	4	@RedMummy And it's such glorious weather too - poor you
ID	2	So sick &gt;.&lt; feeling shitty whole body aching!! Hope I get well before boo boo's grad show   sighs.........
ID	4	Never has a 2pm finish looked so enjoyable. Pity I'm teetotal for another week
ID	2	Doing accounts revision. Boo
ID	4	Wide awake and grouchy as fuck.
ID	3	i miss justin timberlake's voice. i want him to make new album again
ID	4	i keep coughing my guts up
ID	2	Why am I limited to only being able to sync with 1 MS Exchange account on iPhone?  ... same goes for Outlook. Why... http://bit.ly/etB8H
ID	2	Really Wish i could see dave from @reemerband again, missing him already
ID	2	Its so hot here
ID	4	@lucyburchell sorry we didn't get a chance to chat at #screengrab09. Caught glimpse of you across room but was dragged home prematurely
ID	4	@torilovesbradie last thursday or yesterday that sucks i missed it  was it at lunch time ox
ID	2	@TVXQUKnow  I feel tired of my work  Cheer for me please~
ID	4	@pntbtrkisses I agree with @Dog_Crazy it's not worth it - block them &amp; let Twitter police know about harrassment.
ID	4	@dannymasterson Miss you in that 70s show!!!!!!
ID	4	home alone and no one left me any gummy bears
ID	2	feels guility . sorry 'bout that  http://plurk.com/p/wyqow
ID	2	Woke up at 8:30am....now 10:30am and no clue what to do....?
ID	2	tomorrow will be my last day in work.. how sad.. bye Ange
ID	4	Why did I agree to work on this gorgeous day?
ID	2	uhh I wish someone would include me in their follow friday - would be great to get more followers
ID	4	@sixjaw i can so sympathise with that
ID	4	wished didnt spend money last night
ID	2	what?! i just missed home + away! nooooooooo
ID	3	baby alex i miss you  ily&lt;3 good night&lt;/3
ID	3	Japan is treating me good as of now...don,'t know how long
ID	3	Morning world, the sun seems to have gone away, maybe to Majorca or some other popular tourist spot. Hope it comes back soon
ID	2	will miss jay leno ..
ID	4	@_supernatural_ http://twitpic.com/6695k - hhaha, now i wanna cry too
ID	4	I don't feel well. I feel like i could throw up, and my throat hurts really bad! Sad day
ID	2	I stung myself with stinging nettles all down my shin
ID	3	@hartluck Oooh but your not coming to Perth  that sucks but you still Rock!
ID	3	@jodieharsh Ahhh so Jealous!  Have a nice time and I'll see you when you get back x
ID	4	made dentist appointment. 9th of June. feel sick and nervous already  However. Ibprofen, Paracetemol and Codeine are my friends. *sigh*
ID	2	I dreamt someone committed suicide w a drip stand!  - http://tweet.sg
ID	2	I did not twitt yesterday cause it was a very busy day but I'll be back tomorrow  BTW I can not sleep  I'm like in zombie mode @_@
ID	3	I'm not looking forward to working over the next 8 days! Come next Sunday, I may or may not be dead
ID	2	sigh, still SEOs are submitting their client sites with part or no contact information on, I really don't know how to make them read
ID	2	@brentoli oh no  say it aint so
ID	2	In the UK with no phone service  oh yea and still sick (cough, sniff)
ID	4	Off to work now apparently sun shining not a valid excuse to stay home
ID	3	@sabrepulse you've got the H1N1 tsk tsk tsk it's a shame  haha feel better bro
ID	4	i am living in ignorance  :@
ID	3	The Renegades last day was today and...well... he's gone... didn't catch him  Gutted... Closest he came to Greenock was Kilmacolm!
ID	2	Fyi- putting makeup on under flourescents = FAIL. ... oh face-peely, why must you look so hideous? Also, wheres my lipstick?
ID	2	@JohnGreenaway dammit, no! one tweet from september, noodles is also taken
ID	4	Not made it to work  couldn't get up feelin blurgh
ID	2	It started out so lovely this morning, now looks like it's gonna chuck it down
ID	2	exams are the worst mahn!! 2 to go
ID	0	trying to draw some manga/anime for our new website ... very bad idea!   http://bit.ly/k6iOv
ID	1	trying to draw some manga/anime for our new website ... very bad idea!   http://bit.ly/k6iOv
ID	4	Such a nice day today but stuck indoors revising  3 weeks and it is all over!!
ID	4	Loving the weather this weekend, shame i'm back into work tomorrow
ID	2	i'm not ready for tomorrow's competition!
ID	4	i have the bigggest headache
ID	3	@CristaltheGreat  ok Cristal we gonna tweet talk again when its not so late...just follow sweetie....tweethug 4 ya
ID	2	wants to feel better
ID	3	@herojaejoong Feel hungry now   Cook for me pleaseYour food it's my energy to work~
ID	2	@fiercemichi i havent got poked much
ID	3	@sweetkisses277 Yup, 1987 lol. SWEET YEAR  haha
ID	2	@Parquette1 Haha! maybe I should try that. The insomnia is kickin' my butt
ID	4	awe.. gotta go.. my mom commands me to sleep already..
ID	4	Hulu Desktop looks nice but not for my region
ID	3	Well that was an interesting attempt at the commute to work... didn't exactly plan to end up where I did though...great
ID	2	Depressing day today, have to pack as leaving ridiculously early tomoro.
ID	3	@HospitalityMan  got the laptop but no golden rings  This weekend's job is to get it all set up - oh joy
ID	3	well us Brits have to wait a few more days for it!  I thought it was all gonna released at once! I guess it's worth the wait!
ID	4	I knew I shouldn't have confessed to using phone to look up answers in pub quiz. A shame is now upon me
ID	4	Have been rolling on the bed for the past 2 hours ... Still unable to sleep
ID	2	Good morning tweeps. Busy this a.m. but not in a working way
ID	4	I had a bad dream an now i cant go to sleep   KEILIGIRL254
ID	4	I can't sleep without him nearby
ID	2	Omg, I'm a murdere! I accidently just killed a spider
ID	0	Aww.. I lost 3 followers.  FOLLOW ME !
ID	1	Aww.. I lost 3 followers.  FOLLOW ME !
ID	2	apparently even Novell Moonlight doesn't work on my Jaunty
ID	4	@BrodyJenner i live in manchester england but still have never been to london
ID	3	@jwpage your SMS managed to crash my phone.
ID	4	@RedBaff I have popcorn and fruitcake now...but it's just not the same as Chocolate
ID	3	@Jessums31 yup its working. they couldn't recover anything on it though
ID	2	@hazelnutchoc Same as, it's BS I tell you! Ah well, better attempt some
ID	4	@zachsang when nina picked up my call lastnight i didnt know she was talking to me and i like totally didnt answerr
ID	2	@johan__ thank You! I almost forgot hoe to type on the keyboard how long I was anway from my PC..
ID	4	LAST DAY in St Andrews.. i will spend it on west sands! and then packing
ID	2	@lislBR My brother shared his microbes with me
ID	2	@TheSims3 well us Brits have to wait a few more days for it!  I thought it was all gonna released at once! I guess it's worth the wait!
ID	3	Roommate is sssnoring :/ And my throat is so dry
ID	0	don't want to go!!!
ID	1	don't want to go!!!
ID	3	Back from London  Now just catching up on all the tv and sleeping all day!
ID	0	@nixsight  yes indeed, makes it a bitch to try and design universally
ID	1	@nixsight  yes indeed, makes it a bitch to try and design universally
ID	2	@dublins98dave me too! I am down 400 euro
ID	4	Got three shots today.   I can't lift my arms...
ID	3	@trixie360 zombie wrangler sounds like fun. I don't have halo wars.
ID	3	Good morning from RSA Twitterverse!! Please send me some happy vibes &amp; cheerfulness today I'm feeling a little sad
ID	3	early morning~2:30 am~what's up? I am!~~!!played w/ my babies outside~wow~was in the 80's~felt great!~~got lonely, misses sissy and jess
ID	2	Ahh I'm so confused  what can I do? I don't wanna run away but can I really handle a real relationship? What is love anyways.. False hope!
ID	2	@steve228uk Awh I forgot you had the pox  Hope you get better soon!
ID	3	Ive finished 4th year!!! Argh Uni is going soooooo quick
ID	2	@HelenH20 ugh! Tis so warm outside too  unfair! I want to go read and pack!
ID	3	@Iam04 tea...  Mmmm crispy but no cake  Have headphones!
ID	4	its too early  i wanna go back to sleeep
ID	2	Still gutted that man utd lost
ID	3	@babyexpat commercial shoot in Tokyo. not much time to play there   quick and dirty
ID	2	What a bad day!
ID	4	feeling very stressed and strung out, awake at 4.50am, mind buzzing... and Mrs Dr. A is not talking to me
ID	2	@simfin part 2: social networking??.. there is even room for people
ID	3	I soo wanna eat McDonalds Fries
ID	2	Omg I want TF2, everybody on my Steam Friends list is playing it
ID	3	i want my WOOSOO like now plz  i gant wait, knowing she's so close is driveing me NUTTS
ID	4	@Ste1987 Feel your pain with the hayfever - forgot to take mine yesterday, again.
ID	2	@MGChislett  Is there going to be any more TAI TV? Ah I hope so
ID	2	@JamanthaLopez it was me the whole time I did a ton of things so u would believe me but u wouldn't listen or let me prove it. Or blve me
ID	4	Can't believe ER is over
ID	2	Thinking about someone. Now a days I think more and code less  What is it...?
ID	2	@katemthompson I wish I could still drink it but I had two bad nights with white wine in London and then I was sick for almost a week
ID	2	Stupid me, accidentally gave my honey the Atomic flavored buffalo wings and now his stomach feels just awful..... Im sorry baby
ID	2	:O Job interview today, i'm really gonna mess this uuuup
ID	2	@naomijade Heavens, not good  I can empathise. Fingers crossed it doesn't come to anything and you can sleep easy. Wishing for the best...
ID	2	eww. cant sleep and its 2:38 am
ID	2	i need people to talk to me please im very bored  x  follow me!
ID	3	Still soo tired..not ready to get up for the day...work again
ID	3	@nzclothnappy we can all but hope... georgia is still wide awake and has the hiccups
ID	2	Its times like these that I miss Manila. I'm not feeling up to myself lately
ID	4	No AC, the fan doesnt swing our way ... we are sweating it out on a hot humid day
ID	2	Seriously, google, WTF? I don't feel online if I can't get into my inbox
ID	0	IS ANYONE AWAKE?!?!?!?! oh my god i am dying here. i want to go to SLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP. :[
ID	1	IS ANYONE AWAKE?!?!?!?! oh my god i am dying here. i want to go to SLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEP. :[
ID	3	@harrisongilmore if only that was really my job title
ID	4	@dublins98dave me too! I am down 400 euro
ID	4	@AdamBien good luck. An me waiting that they are online, can't be in #JavaONE this year
ID	4	Dagnamit, latest power twitter update is pants - no clickable links
ID	4	Tired, tired, tired.. Didn't sleep well last night..   Thought too much.. Slept not much.. Glad that it's almost weekend!
ID	3	home sweet home? i think no! huaaaa
ID	2	Pretty sure my laptop just died 100%. HP DV2000, wireless problems constantly, tons of heat, won't start at all now. Fried circuit?
ID	2	Oh man. I have been sick all night. I feel awful.
ID	3	I am totally knackered and back in the meeting
ID	4	Devon has caught and ate a fly. I dont know why she swallowed a fly. I guess she'll die.
ID	2	@sianmclachlan Sorry, that was a bit negative!
ID	0	@gerald_d I can't view anything, Gerald. Not only am I banned, I can't even read the damn place.
ID	1	@gerald_d I can't view anything, Gerald. Not only am I banned, I can't even read the damn place.
ID	0	I am NOT in the mood for a long car drive
ID	1	I am NOT in the mood for a long car drive
ID	2	@mrugeshkarnik oh, /me still hasn't got around to starting it
ID	4	@Karina_Escobar some people seem to be getting over it pretty quick  and the guys to me didn't seem to care
ID	3	@BexieLady I feel for you, that sounds like how Kiya was last night  all I can say is get comfy on the couch and enjoy the cuddles!
ID	2	Missing Going To Villa.. Another 2 Months With Out Them
ID	4	My friend went to New York without me and all I got was this picture of her and Will Smith  http://twitpic.com/669l2
ID	2	My heads spinning from math, started to dream in formulas. NOT good.
ID	3	I am hungry already. Not impressed! And everybody has gone to Rubys
ID	2	@russellprue (duh typo error) part 2: social networking??.. there isn't even room for people
ID	4	my head hurts
ID	4	@James_Phelps I was sad yesterday..1 of the guys from my fave band quit the band  and they replaced him
ID	4	Finally. Deleted her number from my phone contacts  #heartbreak
ID	3	TWEEEEEET! good morning twitterland! going to work at 1 so need to keep packing and cleaning this flat! move out in t minus one day
ID	3	VERY upset....  Mom is in the hospital
ID	2	Mortified. could lose my job
ID	4	@gfalcone601 ohhh ok. thats upsetting  sorry for wasting your time. xx
ID	2	I want 2 get my nails done today, but according 2 superstition I can't. Guess I'll have 2 wait til tomorrow then..  off 2 French!
ID	4	@spotibot I am afraid you've had a bit of a #fail as the last two recommendations aren't available in the UK
ID	4	@BeckyBuckwild Omg Beckky i love you! you should've won the 250G's  i was rootin for you.. hows things going?
ID	2	dunno where to start, so many things to do...
ID	2	someone please tighten some bolts in my brain  :s  there are too many parts loose, some might even be missing
ID	4	ahh yes the obligations of a vampire kept me away from twitter.but now i'm back &amp; will try 2 update as much as possible.i lost a donor
ID	2	bahhhh.. cold weather is making my teeth hurt.
ID	4	@chescaaaaaa  yeaaaahh.
ID	4	@JackAllTimeLow I wish I could go to your melbourne show but my parents won't let me  *cries*
ID	2	ooooh.... I have a headache.  Got to go to work now
ID	4	I had a dream that I went to Evo fest, but I didn't.
ID	4	i m totally confused and bored.. my life must change!!
ID	4	@christineknight Poor love  Hope you get to relax somehow on the weekend.
ID	4	@lesley007 Morning Lesley...ya making me jealous
ID	2	Morning. Forgot my daily booth yesterday.. shocking! I want to sit in the garden today and read but we have a huge bees nest
ID	0	http://bit.ly/147HEU  - don't judge me. tucking myself in tonight  mogwai on repeat
ID	1	http://bit.ly/147HEU  - don't judge me. tucking myself in tonight  mogwai on repeat
ID	4	waiting for someone's SMS. it's been weeks and nearly a month  :?
ID	2	@TaylorKarney Ugh, did you just say your friend might have swine flu? OMG, why?
ID	2	Home. Don't think i'll wake up at 5. :-p I had set an alarm for 6 in the kids' room &amp; forgot to turn it off. I feel bad about that.
ID	4	I wish i could sleep past four a.m. on my nights off  good morning!
ID	2	It's this year. Can't catch it, won't be in NY till Oct 2010.   http://bit.ly/AF8JT
ID	4	Want 2 transfer my Naini trip pictures 2my comp so I can upload thm on web bt i dnt hv my USB  Snt few via multimedia @ 5 Rs/pic. Expnsiv!
ID	3	yay cheerleading when im sick. its gonna be a fun  night peoples
ID	0	Getting very frustrated by people who don't know what they want... can't wait to go home tonight...
ID	1	Getting very frustrated by people who don't know what they want... can't wait to go home tonight...
ID	2	@jesse_la ben's dreams make me so saddddddd  i want them to be togetherrr. i swear if this shit gets me bawlinggg, so help me..
ID	3	lovely day and i have to work
ID	4	@gemmak500 Know exactly what you mean  I've lost too many friends. I do feel for you all
ID	0	@tweetie Why do I have to enter my registration details every time I update?
ID	1	@tweetie Why do I have to enter my registration details every time I update?
ID	3	@cjwilliams1975 @barmanandy We were in Lindos, and it absolutely ruled. Will post some pictures somewhere, some time. Back to work today
ID	2	Really wish I could have gone to @bikeradar this weekend
ID	0	@CheskieBear gosh! i hate it. my school will start in monday too.  and my classes will start 6.00 and end at 12.00 i'll never had a chance
ID	1	@CheskieBear gosh! i hate it. my school will start in monday too.  and my classes will start 6.00 and end at 12.00 i'll never had a chance
ID	2	@MYFUTURELIES No way. What about Sydney?  yeah, you guys are like the semi-older version of Short Stack. However, with the same talent.
ID	0	@lordlucan i had terrible trouble with 'sp' words as a child, would drop the 's' pider, pade etc, needed lessons. bad memories
ID	1	@lordlucan i had terrible trouble with 'sp' words as a child, would drop the 's' pider, pade etc, needed lessons. bad memories
ID	4	I am such a worthless person. No one i love loves me back the way that they should.
ID	3	yay dad agreed to pay for my tuition and equipment! yipee not till nxt jan tho
ID	2	wish i was home in time for the #jonaswebcast today
ID	4	@AubreyODay  Aubrey, i know i speek for a lot of fans when i say we miss seing you on T.V. I hope we will be seeing you again  ...
ID	2	@billyraycyrus Please get a cell phone with a better camera on it... your pictures are real bad quality compared to those that Miley took
ID	3	got back from the embassy; missing one paper  go again on Monday!!!good luck me!!!
ID	2	It's this year. Can't catch it, won't be in NY till Oct 2010  http://bit.ly/AF8JT
ID	2	sorry for my lack of tweets  ive been buzy. new vid this saturday!!
ID	2	@Glinner the trailer has been removed  i have a look and see if i can find it somewhere
ID	3	@kekeinaction Thats ok...ur a good person + My Idol soo good people deserve sum good comments..hows the weather ova der --London is cold
ID	4	i dont like funerals
ID	3	@mitchelmusso Heyyyyy us English fans want some signings too
ID	4	So guttered that Ruby got eliminated from NZNTM..  I'm all about supporting the locals. Haha. Hosanna better not win..!
ID	2	@General_Coxy Apologies, we've had CMS issues all week
ID	2	ARG! Eirtaku got hit by stupid bots. So much porn on a kid friendly site.
ID	4	I miss my wacom. Especially the mouse. Laptop touch pad is horrible
ID	3	Finally gonna try and fall asleep goodnight.. More like morn... I sleeP
ID	4	is on twitter for the second day running. This is what study leave does to me! If only my car were in one piece
ID	0	@GarethCliff Oh stop boasting already.  I've got a horrible piece o' crap cellphone.  *pulls a tongue*
ID	1	@GarethCliff Oh stop boasting already.  I've got a horrible piece o' crap cellphone.  *pulls a tongue*
ID	2	@rainbowbrite22 What r u stressin' bout mare?
ID	4	the day goes on and on...i think im gonna write a song about it! still thinking its impossible for me to get a true friend  why????
ID	2	@Blinkollieb182 : nooo  i don't know why...i click on TweetDeck_0_25_manual_Blink182.air and it doesn't run!! so sad...
ID	3	I miss @abhorredlife so much  I wish I had enough money to be with him again
ID	0	hates having to be at work for six am
ID	1	hates having to be at work for six am
ID	3	@tonibrockliss fyi, connie and carla is not as totally awesome as the previews make it seem  sorry about that one.
ID	2	@davidbaillie they are evil mean people, who hurt you. I have a terrible phobia of dentists, but had toothache from hell this week
ID	4	@C_J_Stuart Unfortunately not yet, I am still without licence.
ID	2	I just had a horrible dream.
ID	3	just in imagination
ID	4	@Eminem can't wait for that!! recently bought metallia guitar hero but cant play it coz my sony tv went kaput!
ID	2	no food since woke up.
ID	4	@ShesElectric_ i'm in bed sick atm-been sick since yesterday   hru hun?
ID	0	Fed up today        No-one's available for comment
ID	1	Fed up today        No-one's available for comment
ID	3	@edziardo : Hi, there! I'm sorry for not telling you  Let's meet up! With @yayi_meirizka too. You promised to treat us! XD
ID	2	i reeaally miss my cosito  hope hes getting good scores!
ID	3	@pleasurep Just read that message about u being at Stephanie's in Greensboro.....love it! I miss my home!
ID	2	@JenniferSmithCo Just checked the diary and it clashes with uSwitch.net beers
ID	4	@EPMorgan I know!  I can read bt I can't sit outside coz I gota answer the phone
ID	2	No callback yet.
ID	0	@Tolman21 I was asleep until my brother woke me up asking me if I ate the rest of the frosted mini wheats. I can't go back to sleep.
ID	1	@Tolman21 I was asleep until my brother woke me up asking me if I ate the rest of the frosted mini wheats. I can't go back to sleep.
ID	2	working wearing sunglasses...my eyes are bleeding!
ID	4	@kev_watson   Sorry address was wrong. where I put samuel in the address, it should be just sam. I am having a stupid brain day today.
ID	2	My dad's not feeling well. I want to make him soup. Suggestions guys? + get well soon ayah
ID	4	@ShaneSakata Hi Shane, that link doesn't seem to work
ID	4	I can't get to bed
ID	4	rain got so big weather so cold right now
ID	4	tonight was a very bad night
ID	2	I have too much homework to do today
ID	4	@kaliie i'm sorry but LOL! what is this about? waitt... you think your mum would still let you do bday stuff this weekend?
ID	4	@Loulou_de_B You have to email her - she only gets what people want in so they aren't on the site. Shame about the trousers
ID	2	Waiting for Hetzner to fix my server... Seems like Interspire SendStudio caused the problems
ID	4	@RedBaff alright - was only joking - I just said no wine here  - fool me maybe? - I don;t like drinking
ID	4	@msalonen I can't get it to load.  And I wanted everyone to see my &quot;Bette Davis Eyes&quot; remix video today. boooooo
ID	2	Our neighbors cat died!  I really loved him =(
ID	4	@bagginsboy oh yes. There was no feasts left
ID	2	We actually have milestones due for 3 high profile projects in the next 2 weeks, &amp; they are all scheduled when I am on vacation -
ID	2	I just woke up. My teeth really hurt from my rubber bands
ID	4	can't wait to see marco later; not feeling my best
ID	2	Burnt the fuck out of my hand today.
ID	2	Google Adsense Income down by 6% in this months Payment, Indian Govt Happy for $ Falling, Publishers Sad
ID	2	@labelladiva Are you blogging yet? I miss you writing
ID	3	Now that I have a salary, I can actually spend money. Hooray! Time to go shopping and have dinner at Ahora to say goodbye to @yusufyusuf.
ID	2	@edma my brain has become a converter ed. i've been converting into LM for  the past 2 yrs. every 5 mins of every single day
ID	4	Dangit! I just got my Kiss Album in and it's the wrong color.
ID	3	Losing makeup bags is TRAGIC...luckily I keep 4 in diff places but I gotta replace my Bare Escentuals  *tearrrrrrrr*
ID	4	RIP Robin from the Washington Park library
ID	4	@JaylaStarr  I guess you are not interested !!
ID	4	@KIMP19 I know...  it's already been two weeks!
ID	3	I KnO they're my guilty pleasure like shopping   @diorchick0420
ID	2	Woke up from aspirating some stomach acid. I'm praying that I dont acid reflux  and that it was a one time thing
ID	4	School is going to be absolutely horrible today. Peace out, '09
ID	4	@BrianLehrer  The ONE day I want to listen to you live and the stream is down  Enjoy you on podcast ALL the time.
ID	3	ugh-cold and dank out
ID	4	Driving to work running late like always..... No time for starbucks
ID	2	almost got a kitty yesterday...but it didn't work out
ID	2	Too much information
ID	2	doesnt want to go to work
ID	2	*sits at the airport waiting for @DenalisAngel to get here*..I got in early to surprise her and i can't find her
ID	2	went to Marsee-they changed the store around &amp; I felt as though I was interrupting the staff
ID	2	is school over yet? Im ready for vacations already
ID	4	a dog got hit by a car in front of jamies house
ID	2	baaaaaaaah!!!! there's a MEGA cockroach in the kitchen and i have no one to kill it!  heeeeelp me!!!! haha my retarded cats are no help!
ID	2	careless
ID	4	booo Dario let TK get a hair cut
ID	2	The puppy is sick  and some one put they hands on my momma &gt;:-|
ID	2	My puppies killed my cat lastnight,they thought she was a stuffed animal.  RIP Meanie  http://yfrog.com/104m6wj
ID	2	why does my body decide NOW is a good time to wake up every morning at 8?! Maybe Dean will wait for me in my dreams...
ID	2	@JonathanRKnight I`m really sad, that you didn`t give me an answer until now
ID	3	@thomasfiss @drewryanscott i jus listened 2 'not okay' it's nice i lik it.. I've been thinkin abt thomas throughout e whole song..  luv ya
ID	2	@FrankieTheSats @MollieOfficial @Rochellewiseman @Unahealy @vanessawhite Post man Pat has now been &amp; still no birthday cards from yous?!
ID	2	still fighting off this cold, ugh
ID	2	this is horrible. lauren cant go out no more. and arghhh, i really fancied going out tonight. looks like a day and night in. grrreeaaattt
ID	2	Can't seem to find the new Mountain Dew Throwback in 12 packs....only in 1 liter bottles
ID	2	Mad tired. But it's the hols! I miss chomp chomp terribly!
ID	2	today is going to be AH. Giving notice to my boss today. She is going to be upset  I'm totally stressed.
ID	2	My tummy hurts...again
ID	2	@mublogger Weird, suddenly blogtalkradio is giving me a domain not found error.  I was just on it 5 minutes ago!
ID	2	Long to-do list. Little desire to do it all.
ID	2	@iod2009 Will arrive tomorrow morning at 7  #early
ID	2	There is a baby cardinal fallen out of its nest. I dont want to get attacked by the mom bird but i dont want the dog to get the bird
ID	2	The Heater blew up
ID	2	is so sorry for letting her down
ID	3	After being down for several hours, finally my site is back online. Silly DNS setting mistake
ID	4	today has not started out very well
ID	2	@speedysari I know   But maybe by then you will have forgotten about it, and it will be like Christmas in July!!
ID	3	Finally, a beautiful, sunny day in Atlanta. Too bad I'm stuck inside working...
ID	4	@onlyme614 girl yes, as if having it where you CANT see it wont gross enough
ID	2	@KoSoVaR  got a limit sell @ .94 for even pretty much, cover commissions. Didn't like my entry on this one
ID	4	Working!!! Still sick
ID	2	Missed FMA...
ID	4	I forget how much I miss my tribe til I have limited access to talking to them. Spotty internet in the country so I won't be here long.
ID	2	@Jack_O_C I'm seriously screwed  I haven't studied at all!!!! :'(
ID	2	is nervous and wants things to be dealt with already, it sucks having important life stuff up in the air...
ID	2	Mel best hurry up back from asda i'm so hungry
ID	3	Just got up a half hour ago.... Ugh not much sleep
ID	4	its my last friday of my high school years!
ID	2	Oh shit!  I forgot to eat! Grumble grumble.
ID	4	Is sick today
ID	0	@luketurcotte Not having Hulu in Germany sucks
ID	1	@luketurcotte Not having Hulu in Germany sucks
ID	0	I can't think of a way to express in 140 chars how disspointed I am with the advertising on Lifehacker's Why I Didn't Buy A Mac article.
ID	1	I can't think of a way to express in 140 chars how disspointed I am with the advertising on Lifehacker's Why I Didn't Buy A Mac article.
ID	2	@jackfaulkner Don't have time - got work later
ID	2	Ugh, I feel like shit-- gonna call out of my classes today  hope it doesnt affect my grade
ID	2	currently working on the SDP's Prototype.... so much to do...
ID	3	@FuschiaFoot sold, so i hit cash and just took the tax out of my tips. but then my drawer ended up being 5 dollars short  idk if its cause
ID	0	want to read twilight all day, not work at the stupid cher function
ID	1	want to read twilight all day, not work at the stupid cher function
ID	2	Today just fucking sucks for me!!
ID	2	sun - where are you?
ID	2	@inotherwords_c re:headaches my wife is in the same situation and has finally decided to go with meds because its just too much
ID	2	ipod touch: worth the money? because i'm thinking of buying one. my ipod is dead since this morning
ID	3	@mselliott09 hahaha thanks for clearing up the
ID	2	@keheliya Forget completely abt uploading the assignemtn.   Only remmebered cos of ur twit.
ID	2	My wiki project is going to have to wait another month  But manager thinks I need loads of time to prepare + has halved my workload
ID	3	@TheMandyMoore good morning sunshine. sleepytown is sleepy.
ID	3	@Rockergirl75 And now she also rides giant squids...who knew! Ama hafta go now  i'll try and get on later, love to you xxx
ID	3	getting ready for the day, out then work till close
ID	2	just found out i wont know my uni results for this year until 17th july at the earliest!!!! hate the wait
ID	4	@Smileyquanta oh, is it good? I've been wanting to watch that movie but nooobody would watch it w/me
ID	2	Wishes I was going to the pxy summer jam, but can never seem to win
ID	4	@KristinHolder aww i'm sad  i didn't get to go to your going away party!  stupid work!
ID	2	@FuschiaFoot i didn't hit the right button or what. i wrote on the sheat tho, that i thought it was the cafe currency button. im sorry
ID	3	@thereallilza  wut itell u yesterday lol
ID	2	is starving &amp; has a chem quiz due at noon
ID	2	wanted to go to white sands today. forecast says there will be thunderstorms...
ID	3	so happy its friday...not so happy about this rain
ID	3	@i_dulay i swear it took me 2 hours to get from bel air to alabang.  but yes, i LOVED reminiscing about our HK trip with you &amp; @cdeocampo
ID	4	About to go to my last theater lunch  im gonna cry.
ID	2	@iamepiclyamazin but...he's..mine  you told me a couple of weeks ago that you didn't find any other guys hot apart from the ones you...
ID	4	I am writing the most boring part of my paper. Hmm. The sun is shining and I do not feel like working on this, however I have to
ID	3	@knightinqs O noes!       &lt;3  Nathan said he'd wear the tie to the rally.  If you missed that.
ID	2	computer.. please stop being so loud so i can do my work
ID	2	last night's paper writing session=still not done. I need to prioritize better.
ID	2	@HeathersNotBSC No.  I was thinking just before how much I miss my T-Dub.
ID	0	@EricMM76 What's sad is that I actually had to google that term. That sucks, tho.
ID	1	@EricMM76 What's sad is that I actually had to google that term. That sucks, tho.
ID	4	@taylorswift13 soooooo wish i could, but im in school and myspace is completely blocked
ID	4	@WerewolfJacob Thank you for the shout out..when you get time to chat with me come back! I miss you terribly
ID	3	@jennyreyn Fail.    If you fancy a pit stop and a cuppa you know where I am!  lol
ID	2	is so sick of myself + my life  i'm never going to be as good i want + need to be. xoxoxo &lt;/3
ID	3	wants to smoke a cig but doesn't have a lighter.
ID	3	Duuuude, Tim said that they're making a Red vs Blue animated series! It'll be either on Adult Swim or G4. I hope AS, coz I don't have G4!
ID	3	@c0v89 i know!  This season has just zoomed by!
ID	2	@thomasphantom don't have one yet  but hopefully I'll be ponying up for one soon because this 15&quot; is definitely hitting a wall
ID	3	Goooooodmoring , I don't want to be up I am YAT   happy birthday again @its_aygee !
ID	0	not sure why I can't get tweetdeck to work on my computer. want to know what all of the hype is about
ID	1	not sure why I can't get tweetdeck to work on my computer. want to know what all of the hype is about
ID	4	wow.. tomorrow and then it's over. i'll never see some of those people again. it's kind of sad.
ID	3	Ulcer the Musical! It's ulcer-rific! uls-tacular?! Stomach bleeding fun for the whole family!! (apparently even two drinks is a no no)
ID	4	HES BACK!!!!! OH NOES!!!! have you missed me?  Work has been insane and the band has really taken off so i haven't had a moment to myself
ID	2	I'm a fat and sad puffyn now
ID	2	@MCRmuffin i couldn't be there for her last night cause i fell asleep like a retard.  agh.
ID	3	enjoying and exploring my n96 phone.. grr.. it's awesome.. but i wanted the samsung omnia..
ID	3	Very lonely here in Gosforth gallery  but excited for meal at Six followed by Antony and the Johnsons tonight. Woohoo!!
ID	2	Sore throat. This is not good. I have four performances this weekend.
ID	4	i never get any followfridays
ID	4	@xkaraxcupcakex  I'm sorry. This is all so sad.
ID	2	Oh hell, I forgot the non-alcoholic cider for Monday's dinner. MPP is teetotaler. Now must drive to Waupoos. Have 7 cases of wine in car.
ID	3	On my way to the burial
ID	4	@Laura_McKay2009 sadly no, sitting inside as mobile signal won't work in the garden   I'll be opening the wine at bang on 5pm though!
ID	0	suffering benadryl hangover this morning and a killer headache.... ugh!
ID	1	suffering benadryl hangover this morning and a killer headache.... ugh!
ID	2	Garden going well, almost all the corn and peas are up, no onions or beets up yet though.
ID	2	@bdule the installer is crashing towards the end of the installation
ID	2	@jenisus aww  I have to go to class on that day... So imma do some weird half day thing just cause I wanna see what it's about
ID	0	@gprado Awww I HATE that one!!
ID	1	@gprado Awww I HATE that one!!
ID	3	@pixls hahahahhahaha it was true! and i could really stretch out and stuff! shame rem's dog got mad when i tried to put him in avi's face
ID	3	@garrulous_gal of course! *cough* I mean, no, 1.5 hours extra testing and debugging time
ID	4	@xjaded25x not helping!
ID	2	My back is killing me...  It won't keep me from dropping it low...hope I got someone to pick it back up tho... LOL
ID	2	Attending Matthew's Senior Day for recognition and I'm so not ready for this.
ID	0	@KinanLW I live in the Philippines. &gt;.&lt; and honestly i wanna live somewhere with snow!!
ID	1	@KinanLW I live in the Philippines. &gt;.&lt; and honestly i wanna live somewhere with snow!!
ID	4	Stuck in office till 5. It's so warm outside
ID	4	@dwhelan I've wondered about rake to.  The client has made it clear .NET only, don't force devs to learn a new lang  #agile #ccnet
ID	2	My ancient iPod is nearing death
ID	0	sorry paul scheuring, but prison break series finale sucked... in so many levels
ID	1	sorry paul scheuring, but prison break series finale sucked... in so many levels
ID	3	Yay !!!! It's firday.... Have a good one everyone. On my way to work,    Lot's of work pending.
ID	2	Searching for Dr. Scholl's sandal inserts for men. It seems they only make them for women
ID	2	@craigeryowens I work at a movie theatre in Toledo and I'd let you come see it for free. But it's not in 3D
ID	2	I only have 2
ID	3	I hope you come over today...its almost 8  Ill be leaving at 8:30 if you dont show up...I love you &amp; good morning.
ID	2	@fuzzydave at YVR.... Fog delay is in SFO so we can't leave yet
ID	2	@fosforo  shame on me!!!
ID	3	@ost8doc  Sorry...but, I bet they aren't that bad...
ID	4	Oops spent too much already lol 50 quid gone
ID	3	had to take my baby to the vet again today
ID	4	i've been sick for the past few days  and thus, my hair looks wierd.  if i didnt have a hat on it would look... http://tinyurl.com/mnf4kw
ID	3	gotta go! bye twitterland!  good night! i'll try sleep. so that i will recover easily! still sick!  bye!
ID	4	Recession hit Veronique Branquinho, she has to quit her company, such a shame!
ID	2	@Emz2009 so sad emma  u sad to be leaving the show? xx
ID	0	ugh damn! my usual babysitters graduation is on Wednesday and I just got a meeting request from my boss during her graduation
ID	1	ugh damn! my usual babysitters graduation is on Wednesday and I just got a meeting request from my boss during her graduation
ID	2	Forgot to set the alarm for a 6am ride  Hope I can get in a few easy miles after work.  Tomorrow: racin' the Gap!
ID	4	@apostropheme i'm a real BOY goddamit!!!!!!!!!!!!!! guh. apostro. i feel sad. the library lady thinks i'm stupid. SHE'S STUPID.  j
ID	2	@lkenner i ask myself that all the time.
ID	3	@DJstweet I know... It was just a joke... all in good fun...  some people get my humor &amp; some don't...
ID	4	Where's  poss   i miss him
ID	4	I'm at my saddest right now. I lost my mobile phone earphones. Waz feels a little incomplete and I feel the same
ID	2	@mlbliss   Let us know what happens, poor little guy.
ID	4	if i wasnt workin in 5 hours id be gettin ratarsed to the point where i couldnt even see let alone stand up...THAT is how shit i feel
ID	3	@iamchrisc I'm soo jealous right now!!
ID	2	@NateZim well we aren't normal then because 1. we can't drive in mexico (you have to be 18) and 2. there are no dairy queens here
ID	2	Waiting waiting waiting very difficult for an impatient lass like me...
ID	2	Feeling down again. Today is way too stressful.
ID	0	school is so pointlesss. seriously though. 7 days of school left and all we do is watch movies and make powerpoints. let me leaveeee
ID	1	school is so pointlesss. seriously though. 7 days of school left and all we do is watch movies and make powerpoints. let me leaveeee
ID	0	&quot;I'm giving up on you. I don't care how you mess up your life now.&quot;... :'(
ID	1	&quot;I'm giving up on you. I don't care how you mess up your life now.&quot;... :'(
ID	4	@streetztalk physics  the most boring class ever!
ID	4	@katcal i'm relying on my mobile, which lacks reception. Trying to help, but just looking silly
ID	3	@MYoungPSU  i must have just missed you. I was down there until 9:40 or so. Not sure if I'll make it down again
ID	4	@lewace11 that sucks man
ID	4	Grew fat today  GSS was so hxc I saw a full house Chanel, JC, Pedder Red and Ferragamo! How great is the economic downturn.
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/66ltb - Finito~! Hunk Ah Hunk of Burning Love! I do believe my camera phone is stuffed. Stupid blurryness
ID	2	thoughts out to Vicki (MOM) who just hit a deer in her Stage 3 Roush
ID	3	@TrixieStilletto Oh, sweetie, I'm so sorry.  That's the last thing you needed right now. *hugs*
ID	4	No more mrs. reilly
ID	3	Just woke up! Annnnd have just realised I missed un uber sunny day...score
ID	2	Is stranded at home. home in Sg Long.
ID	4	Wah, my fav whattaburger location is closing on the 31st. Damn. Good thing I'm moving.  Damn  Mon/fri won't be the same
ID	2	I saw the best 1980s back combed poofy bangs this morning on a 30yo... 8 in high. By the time I turned around she was gone... no picture
ID	2	I should probally bring a box of kleenex to schoool today, I'm going to cry so much
ID	3	@NotARichGirl everyone else get all the good stuff!!
ID	2	bf moves to the city tomorrow. Currently he lives down the st.  Sadness.  He will be far away  (not TOO far, but not down the street )
ID	4	Gotta go now .. i'm going to Circus .. the real Circus not Britney's Tour  sadly ..
ID	2	@LATINQUEEN83 They ended up staying late  But how was ur night?? LOL
ID	0	@cskly Kev, fuck off! I'm stuck in Westgate working
ID	1	@cskly Kev, fuck off! I'm stuck in Westgate working
ID	2	wating for the next metal gear
ID	2	I cut my thumb on a broken coffee pot.
ID	3	@tpgraham the AC tix are actually $20 but the show is sold out.  I'd have to get tix through stubhub and pay up to $70.
ID	2	Oh, ew. That's too bad - after not using this certain lip gloss for a long time I just tried to wear it - literally making my lips burn.
ID	2	'm working on a logo on photoshop &amp; it didn't work out..  hehe.. try again lah..
ID	3	@Cholle2001 lucky...you get to do capoeira
ID	3	@AnikoHeartsJon I am a little bit sick  (voice, nose and head). My brother has shared his microbes with me *sigh* See you later !
ID	3	Finally finished that topic. Quick revision break, then on to How far did Heath change the Conservative party?
ID	4	need some Pizza...can't get out of office
ID	4	@mycaricature My pleasure and sorry to hear about the pollen thing
ID	0	My generation is too fucking apathetic to party down in the desert. 30+ knows how to have fun and my age group is generation myspace?
ID	1	My generation is too fucking apathetic to party down in the desert. 30+ knows how to have fun and my age group is generation myspace?
ID	2	don't want to go to work tonight
ID	4	@claireyjonesy LMAO i want him to reply  booooo you @tommcfly REPLY TO ONE OF US lmfaoooo
ID	0	I never get invited to go anywhere
ID	1	I never get invited to go anywhere
ID	3	@Famousnae i know.  i would of gone to red river but i forgot bout it and was tired from work. we need a donut hole eating date soon!
ID	4	@Tiffany_in_VA I'm not getting your updates to my phone  I'm trying to figure it out but it makes me sad!
ID	2	yeha i broke their page... damit... im trying to fix it how... hope you dont bank with communityfirstandtrust
ID	2	just when i thought things couldn't get any worse. it just did. and it will get even worse tonight, i bet.  my life is a misery.
ID	2	@lstcinthabldg im good! im on my laptop using and external internet plug. i need to send it away to be fixed
ID	4	Is home from MARCO ISLAND and missing it and my girls already...back to work!
ID	0	Sighs, well I accidentally clicked back space on my mouse
ID	1	Sighs, well I accidentally clicked back space on my mouse
ID	2	@My2Cynts kittens are cute then they grow up n become CATS
ID	2	Told Verizon not to send anyone before 11. He showed up at 10. Gotta deal with this bullshit now, dunno how long I'll be offline.
ID	4	i only hav 8 followers                 !
ID	4	oh...my foot's hurting now. About 5 minutes after I took it out though.
ID	4	not feelin so hot
ID	2	Oh no adult school again
ID	4	My anticipated meet up with Tapan Parikh is no more  apparently he wont pass by Nairobi, and will head straight from Mombasa
ID	2	@JonathanRKnight Sorry to hear ur flight got cancelled  that blows!!!
ID	2	I'm currently feeling the wrath of too much alcohol consumption
ID	2	@kasperapd I tried registering on the website. No go, I get an error with all 4 browsers. Firefox, chrome, ie, safari.
ID	4	@davidtreynolds but but but. I want steak
ID	2	Can't understand why I'm not getting any response
ID	3	Raining...  I missed the rain so much...  I am grateful for it ;)
ID	2	@BleedingSweat I saw this link, but I get an error on the CNN site when I open this page and cannot read the article.
ID	3	I guess I am too freaky for followers.
ID	2	i'm not feeling twitter at the moment
ID	2	@dreski757 nah I don't finish til next yearrrr!!!   are u stayin in the bad news after graduation?
ID	4	Parents decided to drop in on their tour-de-US. The whole family is at my house. I am at work
ID	3	had fun tonight ^^ make up, pillow fights and skins. wish i could have stayed over
ID	4	@Rainbowcentre No  sadly its not  bit disappointed will try again later see if i change my mind
ID	3	@shtoofi well just remember that tmrw is another day and hopefully won't be as craptastic. sorry girrrrl
ID	2	@allyeatscat ya she prob does but i dont want to no about it
ID	2	Chem final right now. Awwh mrs. Oli! Imma miss you!
ID	4	i cant hear anything outta my left ear
ID	2	@Caius the gloss screen on my macbook would probably rule me out
ID	4	At work  oh no it's the first day of monthly visitor ahhhhhh
ID	4	Anotha day of work  not lookin forward i hate closin fri
ID	2	@Peter_Duerden JealousMUCH..I want to be outttt  Not stuck in revising. You better have green dragon in my honour lol
ID	3	Dubai!!! Still trying to settle down
ID	3	Omega is tomorrow. Haven't really planned anything for it. Make sure to come if you can. It'll be awesome. Then move-in June 1st.
ID	0	I hate packing
ID	1	I hate packing
ID	3	ready for a very busy, FUN day tomorrow! gotta keep myself busy when my lover is gone
ID	2	@TeeJay882 heyyyyyyyy no love for me no more !?
ID	3	I really want a camera!
ID	4	@mgiraudofficial  i'd give anything to be there. too bad i'm in tennessee.
ID	2	i seriously neeed to study
ID	4	this hot day is making me tired
ID	0	Seems like everyone I know is asking for computer help...   kill me now
ID	1	Seems like everyone I know is asking for computer help...   kill me now
ID	2	funeral at 2.  today is going to be bad.
ID	3	@ddlovato hey! im a fan form Puerto Rico .. can'wait for your next CD ... xoxoxoxo Come back on tour here please  !!
ID	3	Going to the Chiro to see what is wrong with my bum ankle.
ID	0	When r these DAMN exams ever gone b over and done with?  i wanna b out in the sun
ID	1	When r these DAMN exams ever gone b over and done with?  i wanna b out in the sun
ID	3	Omfg.lmao.lassetti was right... those bangs did look bad.  lmao
ID	4	@AdInterim Still jealous
ID	4	@kevholditch It's NOT good.  1 of our directors said we could go home and the other said back to work  boo! It was good while it lasted.
ID	3	Pas si terrific que a ce twitterrific
ID	4	My stomach hurts so bad
ID	4	I dont wanna get out of bed i wanna go back to sleep.. i have to open the store at work though
ID	4	@TheReal_RedBone stop that babe u makin me feel very bad now! :/
ID	2	on my way to school of my last friday of high school ever!  and i don't even get to see holly Gabbie and hannah
ID	3	@JenRajpura HAHAHA, I'm going to be so disappointed that I miss this   But if you go HAVE FUN!!!
ID	2	It's tough being a thick chik
ID	2	i suppose i best get ready for work  grrr
ID	4	Sick kid trumps advance planning.  Bummer
ID	3	@Hilareeee But...but...I'm not!
ID	0	unemployment office sucks
ID	1	unemployment office sucks
ID	2	So disappointed about the talent lineup for &quot;Reventn Super Estrella 2009&quot;...hmm...Have the feeling I won't get tix this time around.
ID	4	@Sweena ... so I can't charge you by the hour then?
ID	2	@moriagerard Won't really get a break till custody issue is settled and I've moved... another month or so, at least
ID	2	@SarfaBarfa My friend Cliff has the tix, so I have to wait on him   Or you can ask trent to just let me in.  You  know, over all else &gt;.&gt;.
ID	3	weekend along with the summer is here so why do I feel sad?
ID	2	@cccaaasss what's wrong?
ID	2	My hair looks really bad  First thing I'm doing is washing it when I get home.
ID	4	@Pharriell nothing  let's stay quiet together. ps: did you cry?
ID	4	So effing tired  http://bit.ly/e0ZFz
ID	2	its sad that the rats are becoming aggressive against the guinea pigs. I have to seperate them.
ID	3	@RennaSuicide Alright...you missed one crazy party last night
ID	2	My knee fucking hurts man  Haylee doesn't even care, GET ME MORE MILKSHAKE-SHAKE-SHAKE-SHAKE IT!
ID	4	Only four hours and fifteen minutes until three day packing spree!!! Ugh work
ID	4	@benjamin_cook you make me sad. Why do I like in canada? I can never watch these things. I should move. Know anyone who needs a roommate?
ID	2	got 34/40 for exam 1... percentage doesnt look good.
ID	0	Can I get some gd news for gods sake
ID	1	Can I get some gd news for gods sake
ID	0	I am doing Geography Revision on Earthquakes!  How Boring!!
ID	1	I am doing Geography Revision on Earthquakes!  How Boring!!
ID	2	ive made a terrible mistake   i need an auto save function for everything i do !
ID	2	Still unbelievably shocked about the firing of THE best radio personality, Martin Streek
ID	4	@SuFiGirl35 well that's no way to start the day off !!!
ID	0	What a burden. Abit of a fail lunch with Dan
ID	1	What a burden. Abit of a fail lunch with Dan
ID	4	Jus back after watching Night at a Museum 2......would rate it 5 on 10
ID	2	no please!
ID	3	Really fucking loved him
ID	2	At work I don't like today its nasty outside  can't wait to get home today and clean my house!
ID	2	@hotelqueen hmm...your blog won't let me post a comment.
ID	2	@BLEXXED shit i got a shit of hw to do 2nite
ID	0	Right, fuck the whole Twitter silence experiment. The last four days have been murder with the inability to mouth off
ID	1	Right, fuck the whole Twitter silence experiment. The last four days have been murder with the inability to mouth off
ID	3	@almcheese alms ur tweets r all delicious. Haha! Since its about foodddd... Anyway gatau nih aku mau pindah dr binus
ID	4	Didn't bring connector for camera on trip...saving new photos will have to wait another week...
ID	2	hair, grow back!
ID	3	Travel trade stalwart, David Steele of City Cruises marks his retirement with a Thames Cruise Party tonight - press day means I miss out
ID	2	@stinegirl2 thats a bad start to the day!
ID	2	@seansmithsucks i would be looking forward to seeing you tonight if i was going
ID	2	Freaking out a bit..crossing my fingers that things will work out ok
ID	4	Its so sad
ID	2	I miss my boys
ID	2	@LatinAngel9393 that is so sad. wish I can do something big for the kids. may God Bless the kids always.
ID	2	@tommcfly I'm depressed ! I want to know you and kiss you all
ID	2	@trayzz ... I think I'm gonna fail aswel!
ID	2	@chezmax butbutbut... it has a qwerty keyboard... how can something with a qwerty keyboard go without a nethack port!?
ID	4	@mixxxonn we watched the today show(: we didnt see you though
ID	3	@zenithus at least you have a next year  into the big wide world for me!
ID	4	Have spent half of the day troubleshooting something that wasn't even within my control. Clusters doesn't always mean high availability.
ID	2	@theboycharlie ooooo sooooo wanna swap my day is well boring revising for looming uni exams
ID	2	I really, really want a golden retriever. Too bad I won't be living in a home where she could run around for about 10 years
ID	2	I think i'm broke again.  :\
ID	3	job hunting. yay.....
ID	4	I have a headache. And I have nobody to keep me company.   _wants.to.be.a.kidd.again&lt;3
ID	4	I think I may cry. I just sold my 97 civic. Its no longer mine.
ID	4	I hate when you cant sleep
ID	4	@aianna21 @nandiaramos Sadly not, no. They're his colleagues and it's a work party
ID	2	I miss my water cuz my well went dry
ID	2	@grayguitar @andrewconnell I'm starting to feel depressed with this hurricane talk... I'm on the front lines down here!
ID	2	Have to walk to school, and i have two welts on my thighs!
ID	2	Head is pounding.  Well not really pounding, more like tapping I suppose.  Homework time.
ID	2	It's beautiful outside. The sun is shining, the birds are singing and I? I'm studying  Wish it were already vacation.
ID	4	@JonathanRKnight I wish I was there.I've just moved from San Diego to WA and I'm very depressed, I miss sunny San Diegoooooooo!!
ID	2	met the shortest line ever at FCB Tunapuna... then the tellers disappeared
ID	2	Dang I just realized how bad my eyes have gotten
ID	2	urgh there's a power cut!!
ID	2	@runaholickassy i spent the whole day shopping with Aiza.  i don't really like shopping.  still, i had fun but my feet didn't.
ID	2	@ejhildreth I keep trying to invite @ShannonMorgan out, but I think she's afraid of me.
ID	2	sitting in the parking lot-by myself  i miss you baby. couple min til i gotta deal with a bitch. then i'm peacin' out and hitting the gym
ID	4	just got off work.... working night shift at the hospital 12 hrs a day is starting to get to me...
ID	2	Nightmares last night so bad I slept curled tightly in a ball. Sore all over. Took three aspirin. Still hurts.
ID	4	is really wishing you would just let me go and let me fight this on my own...i'm tired of feeling like shit because of you!!!
ID	2	the #liesgirlstell and #liesboystell threads show how women and men alike are screwed up and struggle to have real, honest relationships
ID	2	@JSMSoftware IronPython + Windows Mobile is a no-go. Compact Framework doesn't support Reflection.Emit.
ID	4	didnt do my devos...  hopefully my day doesnt suck because of it.
ID	4	Havnt gotten any in months  my ex seems into dating but there isn't that spark anymore  still in love with loser who left me
ID	2	#flylady Oh deary me: 15 mins not enough to rescue kitchen  I shall come back to it later so I can mow the lawn while still cool outside
ID	3	@flippy10 deh, i wish the deal was up when i bought my macbook in december  but.. at least i got 100 bucks off! :]
ID	3	watchin' a moovie...and im sited about going 2 ma friend Sara's tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. She was injured   I luv ya'll. i will keep u updated
ID	4	@pistol62 Is the Bee to Busy to talk to his buddy on Yahoo?
ID	2	@LayDown28 man I don't know... they been there a few months and he actually almost cries when he is speakin back to her. Sad
ID	3	Back home  Had a great time!
ID	0	THE SUN IS SHINING&lt; THE SKY IS FACKING BLUE&lt; TELETUBBIES? I HAVE TO FUCKING WORK.
ID	1	THE SUN IS SHINING&lt; THE SKY IS FACKING BLUE&lt; TELETUBBIES? I HAVE TO FUCKING WORK.
ID	4	has work to go to.
ID	3	Havin a much better day today!! Finished the last Twilight book yesterday. Classes start next week!      Get at me yall!!
ID	4	Getting into the swing of things. I miss someone
ID	0	@Jimmers31 U so dirrrrrty... Why oh why did I pick the Hawks  I figured I needed a longshot and they were a better bet than CAR
ID	1	@Jimmers31 U so dirrrrrty... Why oh why did I pick the Hawks  I figured I needed a longshot and they were a better bet than CAR
ID	4	Ughh none of my apps are working !  phone why do you hate me !
ID	2	@foxy1982 Yeah, plus I always totally overspend
ID	3	contemplating borrowing one of my moms dogs just for today..i want to take care of someone.
ID	2	it doesn't feel like a friday
ID	4	Work...
ID	2	On my way to work wish I had more days off
ID	3	Hopped up out the bed put my swwwaaaaggg oooonnnn! Then got back in the bed it's raining
ID	2	Thinks that my friends lifes go around with what they boyfriends do and then they have not time for us girls
ID	4	@Kay26 *sigh* me miss them days !!
ID	2	@StartSwimming: I'll be in Heerlen on Sunday but you won't be there, right?
ID	4	New issue of @olivemagazine in the office...desperately want to flick through but have so much to do. It'll have to wait
ID	3	i got a freakin macbook!!!!! hoorayyy! but i freakin deleted phootbooth.
ID	2	Back to Tokyo tomorrow. Expecting some rain and no sunshine
ID	2	@kngibbard03 NOOOO!!!!! I'm so sorry
ID	4	@JonathanRKnight actually, I wish I was back in Tahoe.  I miss it there.
ID	4	mcdonalds mccafe tastes like chewin on a cigarette butt.  I miss my sonic card
ID	4	@marvelvscapcom doesnt work already
ID	4	@epiphanygirl i am so upset i didn't get tickets... 3 of my all time FAV artists at one venue
ID	2	@ RyanSeacrest : hi there might be a problem as it says no stream online, wat's not right?
ID	0	super late for work, and got an earful from the PSYCHOPATH. GRRRR! Day, please get better
ID	1	super late for work, and got an earful from the PSYCHOPATH. GRRRR! Day, please get better
ID	0	@jojeda I'm a minute in and I want to strangle the used car salesman doing the presentation. Is he related to the ShamWOW guy?
ID	1	@jojeda I'm a minute in and I want to strangle the used car salesman doing the presentation. Is he related to the ShamWOW guy?
ID	2	I miss them..
ID	4	is upset, I left my phone at home again
ID	3	@Janiro dammm..i thought i was on to something  lollllll
ID	2	@PotterEntourage I'm glad you threw the tantrum!  I was going to, but I don't know her well enough yet   Was she apologetic, darn her!?
ID	0	rt : @LiLi214 ughhhh got fuckin pulled over for talkin on my cell in a school zone  FUCK HIGHLAND PARK POLICE rude mofo
ID	1	rt : @LiLi214 ughhhh got fuckin pulled over for talkin on my cell in a school zone  FUCK HIGHLAND PARK POLICE rude mofo
ID	2	@IZEAinc So sad...found otu about your boot camp too late.   Oh well, may be in LA that day anyway.
ID	4	@AsiaRain22 @ the expensive of their workers welfare  other than that they are the shit !
ID	2	@Policani The Northern Clemency.  But I don't recommend it.  Too much description and not enough action. Too slow
ID	3	@LifewithMikey82 this is the end of the semester so i am really busy... have got no time for twitting  what a pity cause i love it
ID	3	Off for a loooong weekend of inlawing...  ... ...
ID	2	@jaynenorthover oh and yes (Y) metros, but I dont think I will be drinking, I think I mite have work the nextday
ID	2	&quot;No offense, but your hair is bad today.&quot; Life isn't worth living anymore   Nothing hurts quite like hair insults. *cries into pillow*
ID	2	@exton won't anyone give poor ernie reyes jr a break?
ID	4	Checking out Ciege Cagalawan's S/S Collection and I am regretting that I did not see his collection tonight  I got invites!
ID	2	needs my mommy  http://plurk.com/p/x116r
ID	0	Im sure the 5 ppl who came in after me will be seen by a dentist before I will
ID	1	Im sure the 5 ppl who came in after me will be seen by a dentist before I will
ID	4	I didn't get the job at Stuff Magazine  Dammit, that would have been amazing!! Oh well.
ID	3	@simonschuster Celebrity sighting: Spongebobs here! #BEA09   LOL! Now I'm even more distraught I missed it
ID	2	@gina_pina_14  Not good!!He wouldnt like his girl flirting with his colleagues,would he?
ID	2	is upset, I left my phone at home again
ID	2	Dimples was in the preview... are they not on today?  It hasn't aired here yet... via http://twib.es/CPF
ID	0	@dmolsen Gain an instant follower, just use the #tits tag in a tweet. WTF? Lesson learned, Summer of Todd to get a new *official* tag.
ID	1	@dmolsen Gain an instant follower, just use the #tits tag in a tweet. WTF? Lesson learned, Summer of Todd to get a new *official* tag.
ID	4	@DinoB937 ask mark if he still has that old blink sense of humor!! i miss it
ID	2	PIRATE VOICE:AAARRRGGGHHH!!! I 4GOT MY DAMN WALLET AT WORK SHERMK!!! DAMMIT!!! SO CLOSE YET SO FAR!!! NOW IM STARVING!!!
ID	4	going out on thursdays is a terrible idea. i knew there was a reason i haven't done it all quarter. *pops advil*
ID	2	@aka55 Hope you mom is okay
ID	2	@SeanHughes it is  tequila never ends up being a good decision.
ID	4	is exhausted.
ID	2	@xXScarletBXx I think that may look a little silly -.- Also my camera is broken so no photo
ID	3	@_supernatural_ http://twitpic.com/66l83 - i liked old ruby best.
ID	2	@hillaryohara because I couldn't get the money to mikey in time.  trust me. It makes me sad too.
ID	3	@idlemichael I will watch that at some point. Have it on hd but Stace also wants to see it in hd so waiting
ID	2	doesntfeelwell
ID	2	Sitting at my kids school listening to moms discuss their daughters becoming women. I feel unsafe.
ID	2	Sweat is just not cute.  Unfortunately I haven't figured out how to work out without sweating. BOO.
ID	2	Im starting to rethink my &quot;I cant stand cold places&quot; stance..this heat, humidity is unbearable &amp; i cant stand the ac no more  #meltingaway
ID	2	Back to work!
ID	4	@RetroRewind i have to wok a nite shift tonite so will miss it  please DM me, i promise i wont tell anyone else ;0) !!!
ID	2	@zwaloo I've tried that already...
ID	4	@althearicardo: 3 hrs to go pa ako
ID	0	Stuck in an office, red hot
ID	1	Stuck in an office, red hot
ID	4	Field day is sad. No ribbons for me.
ID	2	being upset
ID	2	@PortlandUK  Hope you don't get let down again.
ID	3	@EsmeACullen AWWWWWWW you totally rock...I felt all  and now I'm the happiest girl eva!
ID	2	@lindseygbaker yeah ill be on verizon... so those are my two options right now...
ID	2	Found out I have to go to the US again in August. Getting tired of transatlantic flights. Not good for my carbon footprint either
ID	4	@jasondjkim i knowwww.. i cant deal. this 9-5 life is not for me
ID	4	@kjNYC it's depressing
ID	2	Gonna go get my teeth taken out.
ID	3	waiting for 5pm to go for a drink with ones out of work because Belinda leaving today  at least the sun is shining for her!
ID	2	@wolverine66 didn't get them
ID	2	I am tres depressed
ID	4	Have $#@&amp;!!! Malware on my work PC!  I miss having an IT dept
ID	2	.. so I can only recover 10 photos
ID	2	I can't find @HRHBrianthecat  hope he didn't get eaten by anything last night...he jumped off the deck   he just wont stay in safe *sigh*
ID	4	At work... What a miserable day
ID	4	I feel like such a failure this morning
ID	2	Yay for having a giant headache  stupid glasses.
ID	2	waking now, so lazy and very worry ...
ID	2	What's with the mass exodus from work at half three?  It makes me sad
ID	2	Enjoyed last night at what I call &quot;real world social networking&quot; -  LOK event in Vancouver.  It was great!.  But headeache today
ID	2	@Boy_Kill_Boy oh sorry! not getting all my replies  nothing against you. and yes, i do know nirvana
ID	2	@rogiertje just checked my account I also paid twice
ID	0	Really? 87 degrees as the high and I'm on my way to work?!?  hagg lake tomorrow is going to be especially bomb sauce!!
ID	1	Really? 87 degrees as the high and I'm on my way to work?!?  hagg lake tomorrow is going to be especially bomb sauce!!
ID	2	i think 90% of the irish population of manchester have come to my house today yet none of them are the 1 person i want to see
ID	4	Finally finished exams &amp; home not watch Otalia &amp; the PBP on BPD - no Otalia today  hmm! via http://twib.es/COP
ID	2	My Street Fighter IV skills are lacking, can't beat Seth on easy.
ID	2	is at home with a pukey boy! Poor little baby
ID	3	I did that once
ID	3	On the list of park closures - Calaveras Big Trees SP, where I'm headed this weekend. So glad to be visiting before it's too late.
ID	2	@Jakeshears poor pooch...
ID	4	I think i need some new friends
ID	2	Poor DS is in bed with 100.8 fever - he won't be able to walk in Relay for Life tonight - feel so bad for him, he's so sad
ID	4	Finishiing up the Training Exercise in New mexico..  Not looking forward to the 19 hour bus ride home this weekend.
ID	2	@jerseybites I get bit by ticks all the time  I eat a ton of garlic in the summer to keep them and mosquitoes away! boo &gt;:O
ID	2	I've burnt my collerbone and arms and face! aww!
ID	3	@anijade she was wonderful, did not get to meet her though
ID	2	@JonathanRKnight Poor Jon, I feel for you dude   Eat some chocolate, that'll make you feel better, oh &amp; some ice cream - YUM!!!
ID	0	http://twitpic.com/66mw1 - My poor car
ID	1	http://twitpic.com/66mw1 - My poor car
ID	4	@1capplegate still sad about Samantha Who?
ID	3	Sold bikes faster than expected, and we are running out of sizes.    Luckily the single speeds are on the ocean now! ETA -  EO June.
ID	4	a bird flew into window at my parents house and snapped his poor neck. gotta bury him
ID	3	We need to remodel the house and the thoughts of doing it make me kind of ill   He has one way and I have anouther, I just want to move. !
ID	2	@danielrhodes I worked on the precursor to bing at msft. They canned our project
ID	4	looking out window is depressing it is so beautiful out and I am in here
ID	2	worst, most depressing day, ever.  r.i.p
ID	2	@antiheroine That sucks
ID	4	@iAlejandro Aww I thought you forgot me last night. I was  I hardly have my twitter on my phone so just text me in the evenings ok?
ID	2	@crazydaisyfire Well thats even worse cuz when it gets hurt everyone is in pain, but poor Stephen has a smushed twitter now!
ID	3	Need to buy a bluetooth device for machine
ID	2	trying to learn how to speak french !  can't even remember a single word!
ID	3	The JBs love to keep secrets!  'Oooooh!'
ID	3	Just took daughter to school. Still tired and still no voice. I know some people are happy!! LOL. Time to get ready for work
ID	3	I've got a bit of neckache after going hard (not going home) at Alternative night. I mean I have to, it's nearly all over
ID	3	greeeeeeeeeeeat  this summer i have four classes...if you know me...u know why
ID	3	@jennyrae Wow, I really hope it gets better. Asthma sucks
ID	3	@vickybonnett lmao! a good push up bra always makes the abs look smaller. in order to have Robbikin-esque abs.. 6 days a week working out
ID	2	TODAY FRIDAY: I really hope you will read my messages here and reply to me soon. I could not reach you by phone before you go to work.
ID	3	I'm going to blow ticketmaster up. I had 8th row tickets for @taylorswift13 and ticketmaster messed up. Just like my life.  im sad
ID	0	@chellemariee I have my 830 class  fuckin school! what time you work wed? if jade comes ima have to get her in antioch at amtrak.
ID	1	@chellemariee I have my 830 class  fuckin school! what time you work wed? if jade comes ima have to get her in antioch at amtrak.
ID	2	@afrolicious Chile, I gotta study   But I do hope to catch an art show or sumshin...i need to get out.
ID	2	@SoundBwoyFast Gloomy as ever. I wanted to hit the beach too.  might as well get like you and handle my errands too lol
ID	2	FML, i cant loose another friend
ID	4	Sry but other day tweets were MIA - twitter network glitch, but story was re: funeral mix-up, as in wrong remains delivered to ea.
ID	0	@iskrin rubbish!
ID	1	@iskrin rubbish!
ID	4	might have to go back much earlier than expected. bye bye bay area
ID	4	Covering for @grnturtle its slow today &amp; lonely
ID	4	@macmuso not in Hobart sorry
ID	4	@JerryAZ most definately! They are having a hard time, cuz I'm so young &amp; never saw this, but I wrkd hard making cars &amp; now I'm disabled
ID	2	@autotunethenews i think there's something wrong with the video, it only loads the first 40-ish seconds
ID	3	@LaurenConrad    the hills is gunna be so different!! gl with your designing etc.
ID	2	@illmindPRODUCER careful the cops dont mistake you and your kids for criminals - i hear there is some indiscrimate shooting going on
ID	2	@AshMarie214 they tried to take me 2 jail sissy  apparently i have a warrant in agg town (yeah shocked the hell outta me 2)lmao yeah right
ID	2	Happy Friday! I just realized I left my cell phone at home today though
ID	3	@tiffaniallen: i'm happy you got your hair did!! and i cant wait til i get back to see it! we're leaving today
ID	3	@lilabiem hahaha well why would you smack ME for that?!  hahaha THE BIG BANGGG
ID	4	None of the people I talk to in my P.E. class are here  I'm going to be so bored all period.
ID	4	@kellykfog Totally unsurprised that Dave isn't coming back to 10@10. But Annalisa is wrong for it, opposite of big warm mellow Dave.
ID	3	@Craziscorpio ready for the weekend! I hope the sun comes out later today tho.  Where u from?
ID	2	@AnotherJulia Wish I'd had the balls, but with my 2 kids with me and not knowing how illogical these ppl can be, didn't want to risk it
ID	2	@ahhchieee haha. I know. And then I need a new car too. Oh ps I got a speeding ticket.
ID	4	why doesnt he want me anymore
ID	4	If Hamilton gets a hockey team, I really think the name Hamilton should be in the team name. If not, I'll be sad.
ID	4	binstruct suffers from an update of the mib package... and the developer of that package is on holidays
ID	4	@GarethCliff my heart hurts for them. Imagine how shit their skin will be when they're twenty from all the stuff they smeer on it. shame
ID	3	@lowkeyriez nnnaaa uhhhh playah! shawty aint got nun, maybe it was ur phone or mines  but I wanted to hit me up when u left the studio
ID	2	@release30  Enjoy...wish I was there! Nice day in Springfield today..however I have my end of month expense report to do
ID	2	i'm really tired today!!
ID	2	@johannabee Oh, no.    I'll think good thoughts.
ID	2	not enjoying this cold, raininy Boston day.  I think my new metal back doesn't like getting wet. ;-)
ID	2	Finding it hard to stay productive now the sun is coming through my side of the building
ID	4	I think my computer is sick
ID	2	I tell him today! :S it's his last day
ID	3	@Rob_Hammond Were on the way home from a night in London! Was lovely! Now working all weekend and Monday  when the weathers nice x
ID	2	@lofigirl who what?  call me
ID	2	working from home and ran out of coffee!
ID	4	@jessiemayumi Shame about your job  have you thought about working for yourself?  there's big money to be paid http://bit.ly/1864ml
ID	4	@DonnieWahlberg I'm not feeling very inspired today...I was suppose to be @ the B'ham concert tonight!
ID	2	@PotterEntourage I hope your mom is ok?
ID	4	@JonathanRKnight welcome back! I'm stuck in jury duty today.
ID	3	@_Trystianity_ you got some sexy pics girl!!!  Love the eyebrow piercing!  I used to have a ton of piercings now I only have my ears  lol
ID	2	such a failure, i just ate a char siew pao  just when i thought i can skip dinner and go along my non-existent diet
ID	4	This weather is awful! I just want to curl up and read a book all day
ID	4	@NacMacFeegle Sad to see...despite my being glib about it
ID	3	@MelzieC I saw the show listing and saw it was on a Wednesday!!!!
ID	3	@DJASAP who is @lil214....lili homie...LILI.... and i am black  75% to be exact lol
ID	2	@natdcook NAT!!! I'm going to miss you so badly
ID	2	@TomFelton Oh how cool!!!, ok so for your head just laydown and put ice on it, that should heep the swelling down, I feel really bad
ID	0	Some idiot just crashed into me on his bike.  Now my bike has a small dent in it and I have to buy a new set of pedals
ID	1	Some idiot just crashed into me on his bike.  Now my bike has a small dent in it and I have to buy a new set of pedals
ID	2	Feeling very undervalued and neglected. Not even the sunshine is pulling me out this lul.
ID	4	@TheRealScarab and this is better 4 me than a snickers bar or hersheys w/almonds.... which i use to b addicted to b4. i miss them  LOL
ID	2	Hi there all! Can't stay to long have to go to work soon
ID	2	my Chrissy is sick w/ a spring cold   Tissues stuck up his nose last night looked so pathetic.  Feel better soon baby...
ID	0	Locked out of my fucking house!
ID	1	Locked out of my fucking house!
ID	2	is going to our cabin soon
ID	2	The iPod is gonna die and gymnastics isn't over  boo
ID	4	@Sadandbeautiful That sucks about your prints. Sorry
ID	3	i ditched school ( i hate it ) and im taking a huge dump.......    it hurts REAL BAD!
ID	4	has the day open until 4. don't know what to do. everyone is leaving today
ID	4	Watching Scrubs season 2. Oh I'm gonna miss that show
ID	2	@BrittyBoo_20 I hope he does it soon, and i know i hate fakes
ID	3	Just had my teeth checked, now my eyes. I'm dying for a coffee but can't drink for an hour.
ID	4	Not a happy bunny
ID	4	@kiddshow @deviantlysweet @causeimrossome still no shout out for Spider
ID	0	Trying to recover photos after a problem between Windows and my XD card. Result: shots are all half visible  damn Microsoft...
ID	1	Trying to recover photos after a problem between Windows and my XD card. Result: shots are all half visible  damn Microsoft...
ID	2	slaving away at work
ID	4	Its time for me to pack up at work now and have not had much time for twitter!  Thank you for any follow fridays. Be back later!
ID	2	@TALENTEDGENIU5 and that prob wont happen....
ID	2	on my way to work! working sucks big time
ID	4	@Doonytime I have no Minstrels   I might have to grab some from the petrol station before I head back to work.  They are delicious!
ID	4	Hope ur all havin a nice Friday! Been feeling down this past week since my dog's passing...
ID	4	*sigh* my @ubank USB died on my this afternoon. R.I.P, you will be missed! I hadn't even had the chance to parade you around yet
ID	4	Anyone ever had that heavy feeling of sadness in their hearts? Thats my case rite now.
ID	2	is just waking up.. not very impressed with my sleep or my dreams. today is going to be a sucky day, I can feel it
ID	2	So i sprained my ankle yesterday and it hurts worse today
ID	2	@nanpalmero - can't get the live chat
ID	4	Lmao i come on mad replies im like damn im missed ... Damn follow friday lmao so im still not important or missed
ID	2	@LittleLee  oh well,,,you dunno where i liv eANYWAY!
ID	3	Got approximately 3 hours of sleep last night....I love my life
ID	2	.@daveharte ... and now I wish I hadn't
ID	2	@sole_investor  how....no phone
ID	0	i hate history coursework sooo much
ID	1	i hate history coursework sooo much
ID	2	Friday is the new Thursday
ID	2	@JonathanRKnight i wish i  would in california.....i m so sad
ID	4	My modem has been offline for a week now... God bless the 3g network. Tim just left... Again!! May schedule has been brutal
ID	3	Watching French Open tennis - sad to see Venus make an early exit this morning!
ID	4	Wants to go sit in a park but should really be painting the bathroom
ID	4	going to funeral today for friend and classmate who died in a car wreck last Friday
ID	4	whenever it rains it's so hard to get motivated
ID	2	is sad she got her plans cancled
ID	0	just got a haircut, NOT happy!
ID	1	just got a haircut, NOT happy!
ID	3	@GlasgowGooner Boo  well its good fun tho.. sucks if u cant get cards.. I finished 10th in last nights #tpt I took @street out LOL
ID	2	is SO frustrated!!! I'm stuck at home without any transportation to the global god conference!!! Ahh
ID	3	TGIF... this &quot;short&quot; week has been wayyyyyy too long
ID	4	I wish yesterday was Friday
ID	3	@HansenBanana Kayyy XD Yeah, everyone always talks about the part where the dog dies  I need to find a movie that you haven't seen now XD
ID	3	inside on a beautiful day!
ID	2	Worried about friend
ID	2	Woke up early! Still sick
ID	3	is HOT. Just done some late spring cleaning! About to settle down with a book i can barely read, left my glasses at my mums
ID	3	Chirstina said shes gunna twitter more ...no more partners
ID	4	:O Looking through my old stuff and found a record from my old band! Well,a band that I was in for about a month. Ever heard of  ?
ID	4	going to eat with my aunt soooon, not getting ready just changing.   i hope today is a goood day  idk i miissss himm
ID	2	@GregDigneo: Your mail server just rejected a simple, plain reply to you as potential spam/virus threat. Not Good
ID	3	Broke my carafe  went to Starbucks for my caffiene fix and the lights go out...just for a sec but are you kidding me..got to laugh. Ha!
ID	2	Ok this is a lot more boring then I thought  and matt has me on lockdown bc of moolah...
ID	2	Science, History And maths.. its so nice outside
ID	2	it's 8a and i'm already dressed  but we're on set today so let the real fun begin!!! lights! camera! action!
ID	2	iProcrastinate: This is by far my #1 character flaw. Gotta session at 11 and I don't want to emerge from my covers.
ID	2	I wish I was in dallas with the kiddnation family
ID	3	@GothLitChic It's too nice to be inside
ID	3	@aligomm wow! How cool is that! or was I guess, I have 18 now  haha get another follower!
ID	4	@CEO_INTHEMAKING :aw
ID	4	The CD  player in my car is broken.  So much for listening to my Kidz Bop Happy Meal CD.
ID	3	Good Morning. It's Friday and the start of my work week  But... Lakers are going to take the 4th W tonight. Woohoo GO LAKERS!!!!
ID	4	bored well its not like any one can see this i havent got any friends
ID	3	Vacation over!!!  Looking forward to the next one........
ID	4	(@zachflauaus) Note to self: never ever leave the MacBook Pro on the stupid iCurve. It fell off.
ID	4	feels not good at all
ID	4	Last day for seniors bye bff
ID	3	Off to work. My last day. Get to walk around and out-process. I am very happy to be one step closer to what I really want to do, but  2.
ID	2	Going To the dentist
ID	2	I'm scared to set the pw on my BB bc I might forget it &amp; end up losing all my data. But yet I have financial info on it. Catch 22
ID	2	@8short_stack8 mady were did u go?  truck did u run away?
ID	3	just spent all day putting up a trampoline but is now too tired to use it...  it is very cool though!!
ID	3	@emily859 Glad to hear the weather's nice.  It's rained just about every day for the last five days.  Not fun for exploring
ID	4	@HilaryKennedy i would share mine. but i have no hair
ID	3	@Xanthetwirls I only saw urs by chance. Who else would have that name! Think I'll b missing 2nite too.  Thank god for YouTube.
ID	4	W4M: No clever headline, Sorry  (Salt Lake City) 29yr http://tinyurl.com/mpoghc
ID	2	@akomuzikera HAHAHAHAHAH I thought I was following you already..I don't know what happened. sorry ha?
ID	2	@maya_banks &quot;Something must be wrong. Only found 17 July Harl/Sil books I wanted
ID	2	@BrittanyHauff Jz local movie here. The title's virgin 2 :p actually i feel not so good. So tired n dizzy
ID	2	sitting thinking how warm it is and wishing it wasnt so! Has so many things to sort out its driving me bonkers
ID	4	Happy Sammy is going 2 here 2morrow!! But unfortunatly I'm not gone be able 2 go 2 the club he performing @
ID	2	i hate my life big time its sooo poop gode i ould cry
ID	0	Tweetiful people, I am sick.
ID	1	Tweetiful people, I am sick.
ID	4	just woke up, its laura's last full day here  Last night we watched embarrassing home movies
ID	3	@capitaln Um...no  We will most likely be inside a lot, maybe the skirt will work!
ID	2	Charley horses in both legs all night. What the fuck?
ID	4	Heading to the gym.  The group of guys that USED to go with me has all quit...well, except for Brandon.   Makes me terribly sad
ID	2	sinus congestion is making thinking straight difficult
ID	0	@VVbrown It just sucks that I'm stuck in an office  but I have you at Selfridges to look forward too.
ID	1	@VVbrown It just sucks that I'm stuck in an office  but I have you at Selfridges to look forward too.
ID	3	@jackiejewel ohh yeahh with the showcase he said his artist will be outta town  so keep me posted as to the next one
ID	2	damn! got caught eating my Cadbury Temptations by the brother. Last 6 pieces gone  will get Bournville next time. u have to earn it!
ID	2	@tarynantoniou where are you going tonight?!
ID	4	Nothing like yoga to clear the mind and make you realize how crappy things really are
ID	3	@mhisham hahaha tempting! but nvm la. i'm quite a klutz.  i actually fare better with my hp cam LOL
ID	3	chillin at home for the day yippee...wish @youngives was here to keep me company
ID	2	Going to meet the new family I'm babysitting for... Wish I was still sleeeeping
ID	3	I have myself barely 4 hrs of sleep and the Lord blessed me with what feels like 8, but it came with a sore throat  pumpin out this paper!
ID	0	@Andy_Hawk @andy_sims works sucks without being able to stream KWOD
ID	1	@Andy_Hawk @andy_sims works sucks without being able to stream KWOD
ID	4	GAWD!. If only that dream actually happened last night....
ID	0	i hate feeling like this about him  i need a break away from everyone... as soon as exams are over i'm defo off to portsmouth for a bit
ID	1	i hate feeling like this about him  i need a break away from everyone... as soon as exams are over i'm defo off to portsmouth for a bit
ID	3	did U watch the spelling bee contest ? winner: Kavya Shivshankar ! Impressive performance - i had not even heared most of the words b4
ID	4	last day working for Tend
ID	4	my ipod came back to me after visits to cali, china, and alaska...but its at home and im @ work...
ID	4	is *ugh* what a miserable looking day. 54 degrees. Where did summer go?
ID	4	spent all morning watching Eddie Izzard's Glorious! SO funny... realli shud hav studied thou...
ID	2	@vladalexa I have a Palm now. I would like an HTC HD, but it costs 3 times more than my phone
ID	2	Grrr, I can't even practice Trumpet or vocals because my glands in my neck hurt too much! Guitar it is then.
ID	2	is abit happier at the thought that Ashleigh &amp; Loocie with be here soonish, but sad to miss her S-ane  ;)
ID	4	gutted!!! vodafone wont repair my faulty Samsung Omnia due to non existent water damage  grrrrr
ID	2	I am never going to get these pictures taken
ID	2	Just had another Army-provided root canal. Not fun. I'm starving and craving lunch at Paloma Blanca. That's a long way from here.
ID	4	Just started raining in earnest... guess golf is off for today...
ID	3	i got all my hair cut off, it's almost above my ears
ID	3	Its already hot outside...  thank goodness my car has amazing a.c!!! cyalater!!! off to work!!!
ID	4	pff, Life sucks sometimes!
ID	4	http://tinyurl.com/nqudrt - Hurt my finger at work
ID	2	totally overstressed ... going to work now ... just want the college work to go away ... i don't wanna fail
ID	3	@Jackobeanz I'm blue.  In other news, you will love tonight's DC!
ID	2	I've got a headache
ID	2	@SuFiSammy praying you get better soon you sweet one , sorry your still not well
ID	0	EVIL CREDIT CARD COMPANIES!!  God, and just when I was starting to *build* my credit again - I get this stupid 'ding' from them!
ID	1	EVIL CREDIT CARD COMPANIES!!  God, and just when I was starting to *build* my credit again - I get this stupid 'ding' from them!
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/61ov1 - @martinhiggins  i ahte stress, its supposed to be friday! it makes me wanna cry
ID	2	Ahh, I forgot about the test today
ID	0	Gahh ! This weather sucksss !
ID	1	Gahh ! This weather sucksss !
ID	0	I really like how the weather widget on imac and iphone always predict different weather...not!
ID	1	I really like how the weather widget on imac and iphone always predict different weather...not!
ID	3	i saw some lovely skinny jeans today for 3 at a charity shop, but they were just a little bit tight on my thighs.  ahhh so annoying
ID	4	@lilabiem awww  don't do this to meee haha now you're gonna make me saddd
ID	0	@ryanmtedder He is the truth! But what about Maxwell? You can't forget the future father of my children!
ID	1	@ryanmtedder He is the truth! But what about Maxwell? You can't forget the future father of my children!
ID	3	trying to win tickets! com'on dc101...
ID	2	My sunburn is peeling,
ID	2	It's sooo hot 2day!! Put a ton of sunblock on before jogging; still think my face burnt though!
ID	2	Ahhhh I think the rain is gonna begin shortly
ID	3	Muffins: Muffins are delicious, Muffins are neat, I have no more muffins to eat.
ID	4	You know that 'rule' that says always point the knife away from you? Just  learned my lesson on that one! Straight through my finger!
ID	4	I think my cheap sunglasses are falling apart. Oh well
ID	0	urgh, i really hate that medicine
ID	1	urgh, i really hate that medicine
ID	2	Wants somebody to cheer her up
ID	2	I guess you didn't hear the grumbles when kindle came out with no cover. My purse +eink screen = shortcut to broken screen  @COOLERebook
ID	4	getting bored of walking up and down the stairs
ID	4	@Juicytots you getting a ton of spam mail into your inbox?? I am too.... driving me insane!!
ID	4	I'm officially on holiday! A week in Center Parcs, no internets  bye my peeps, see you when I return...
ID	4	@ozzblair  hugs for the bad day you're having?
ID	4	NO! Keyboard Cat is/has been dead for YEARS! Play yourself off, Keyboard Cat.
ID	2	'Wake Up Darling'
ID	2	@runsforcupcakes that sounds yummy.  Does it take quite a few almonds to get the amount you need?  Nuts are expensive.
ID	4	I'm feeling very alone at the moment   Mh..I'm going to leave now.
ID	4	im gonna fail this test miserably in history
ID	4	Back to reality... boo
ID	2	Really nervous about my animal rights presentation next period
ID	2	Fritz Roderick Von Hughes is sad to be in the kennel all day  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6882699
ID	3	@kiitzyy I think so hahah geez lady 3 hours ago?? Go to bed!! Lack of sleep is bad for your skin!
ID	4	#asylm yay registered but lost all my friends
ID	2	Still sick at home
ID	4	good news: my flat is great at regulating temps. in the heat. bad news: its sodding lovely outside and i'm working!
ID	4	All the people I talk to are GONE
ID	2	Went to bed at 12:20 last night. Woke up around 10:45. Holy crap.  I need to get up EARLIER. Like 8. Wish I could get up at 6 every day.
ID	2	I can't believe tour is almost over
ID	4	@1outside a jo; tak nic no
ID	2	@CajoleJuice Likewise. But I don't know anyone who uses gtalk and the likes so I'm not holding much hope
ID	4	@woodywoodford unfortunately I didn't leave the house in time
ID	4	Overslept. While the extra sleep was nice, it does play havoc with the days to-do list.
ID	4	Getting my phone taken away
ID	4	My cat has been missing for 2 days. I am freaking out.
ID	2	@actionscripter I tried to translate your tweet using google translation service, but it just spat it out back out at me
ID	2	Reading and taking notes but undertanding none of it  ... HELP!
ID	4	all my worms either escaped or died  bums!
ID	4	Dam only 5 votes  not gonna win anything now
ID	0	feels so used I hate guys grrrr
ID	1	feels so used I hate guys grrrr
ID	2	real stressed
ID	2	My twitterberry wont work on my friends and me
ID	0	@erinealberty that sucks!
ID	1	@erinealberty that sucks!
ID	2	@maltpress sorry - didnt mean to   hope you can think positivly about being 80 and looking back on 30!
ID	4	I'm sick!  it sucks! IM me! ohbabayy33
ID	4	Just Finished My English Final...Just One Step Closer To The End.
ID	3	Inspection went fine ... they like the house woopee. Would just be nice if it had been this morning so I could have done stuffs today
ID	0	@ZomberellaMcFox not a fan
ID	1	@ZomberellaMcFox not a fan
ID	2	@tinytim2701 kinda, my housemates were a bit frantic as I appeared to have every fork we own hiding in my room, need to revise now
ID	4	My leg broke, now I am waiting untile i can go again
ID	3	@mockingbird_ I'm good thanks! Did you have a good drive? Careful with your blackberry, we don't want you getting screamed at
ID	0	Kyles going out of town this weekend  play time wif my fwiends. Rawrrr.
ID	1	Kyles going out of town this weekend  play time wif my fwiends. Rawrrr.
ID	4	@forgetmaine there's a 9 year waiting list to get an appointment.
ID	2	My throat hurts so bad that i dont even want to swallow my own spit.       And i officially cant talk now....
ID	2	@PMSexgeek ugh something is wrong, suddenly I feel extremely flushed and shaky and I broke out in a sweat. Idk what's wrong.
ID	3	The weather is SO nice! And there were so many hot guys in town, I felt like a kid in a candy store. Except all the candies are straight
ID	2	@DrRonVonDoom i couldn't fucking sleep today either. it was hard for me to stay asleep for some reason
ID	4	Bummer... I missed Taylor Swift on the Today show!  Those were my only plans for the day!!!
ID	4	should not have waled past the Quad! I want to be outside having fun.
ID	2	@_Janet_ ouch, I hate it when favourite items of clothing get ruined.
ID	3	@putitonmyvisa haha nice! I heard it's a sweet hotel. On another note, not a good game last night
ID	3	My storm is acting up  ....Excited for the discussion session regarding Social Media. Scott Lake, CEO of ThinkSM, will be attending.
ID	0	@principalspage Grrr. We don't finish until July 3rd.
ID	1	@principalspage Grrr. We don't finish until July 3rd.
ID	3	@peterfacinelli You didn't answer my riddle  Party pooper lol. Jokes Joyce  it was a good one tho haha. Hav a gr8 weekend!
ID	3	hearing the birds chirp makes me think its nice outside...well its not  rain rain go away!!!
ID	2	is thinking today will be a longg day!
ID	0	can't gauge the time of day in my office anymore... It's worse than a friggin' casino in here... no waitresses, smoking, or booze
ID	1	can't gauge the time of day in my office anymore... It's worse than a friggin' casino in here... no waitresses, smoking, or booze
ID	0	@chevale my internet is being a ***** again!!! wtf. i think im gonna sleep afterward. internet is driving me crazyyy!
ID	1	@chevale my internet is being a ***** again!!! wtf. i think im gonna sleep afterward. internet is driving me crazyyy!
ID	4	@HBSExecEd that was the class I was keen on. Guess I have to wait for next summer. bummer.
ID	2	14 pages left to read, then it will be time to start all over again, and again.  Off to Lunch Duty...love 6th graders
ID	2	@blankdeluxe  no i havent got mine yet, did u get yours?
ID	0	Back in Glasgow, stuck in traffic on the M8
ID	1	Back in Glasgow, stuck in traffic on the M8
ID	4	@Visadharah I'm still at Disney (just trained at Soarin), Rose is the same, we applied for an apartment last night, and Eric lost his job
ID	0	@BrittanyASnow omgsh i know  i'm dealing with that rite now. its no fun!
ID	1	@BrittanyASnow omgsh i know  i'm dealing with that rite now. its no fun!
ID	2	@yerex i want to adopt him
ID	2	Sooo tell me how I lost followerzzz
ID	3	@jessicamloring Haha! I can't a good vid of it on tubey,you thugh
ID	2	@ispeed72 Could've said hi. We're off down south tho
ID	4	@SeanLights Nooooo!!!!! Dont You Dare! Lol =( Im Gonna Cry  I &lt;3 Your Hair!
ID	2	my tummy hurts  i blame last night's chinese food.
ID	2	@DsBabyGirl I know. I want it to come bec I'm excited, but then I don't bec it's gonna go by so fast &amp; then it will be over
ID	2	@RyanSeacrest Im feeling sad, not likeing my new haircut
ID	2	@RiceBunny cause my eyelids are not deep set.  thanks it would help me a lot.
ID	2	@scorpio1641 I have no idea  I'm watching Rafa too. Running to the comp ever to often to check live score. he's 3-2 down in the third.
ID	2	@Keitakeita girl you stay inviting me but not doing a follow-up hahaha... no phone call to check up on me
ID	2	@ELIZABETHANNN I'm sorryyyyyy  I'll be home as fast as possible where we meeting at?
ID	3	i feel like taking a day off but cannot afford it  looking forward to the dfb cup final tmrw night though. go werder!!!
ID	4	another rainy day
ID	4	@TheCubs Cubbies at an even .500. So what else is new?  No matter: Beat dem Bums! #chicago #baseball
ID	4	@evonmichelle It's my mum's. LOL They haven't got me anything yet.  Sad, Sad... haha
ID	4	@Wizardess I got a coupon, but I couldn't register it because you have to be in the US
ID	2	GM TWITS! Headed to the BX to clean up the new Apartment! But kinda sad cuz I dreamed about him last night
ID	2	@happylovesChuck I know. But the second problem being: he doesn't REALLY exist still applies. Shame
ID	3	spray tan = fail on legs and feet. I've been scrubbing them and feet look better, but they looked awful this morning  Everywhere else = ok
ID	4	horrible dreams last night  also had one in which i was employed...sigh, if only.
ID	3	@SamWilson1 - sigh
ID	4	Sorry if I'm unsociable I'm loading up stock in the shop, mums making me
ID	3	@jesssicababesss  how unreall  http://twitpic.com/66nvm
ID	4	Traffic jams are rubbish. Anyone know what's going on on the A48 between Cowbridge and Cardiff? We're stuck both directions
ID	2	@yeahgiancarlo Can't  No money to spend.
ID	2	moving today.... sad day
ID	0	Getting ready for week  Its too nice today to be stuck inside working!
ID	1	Getting ready for week  Its too nice today to be stuck inside working!
ID	2	I need some plugs. for real. my ears want to stretch. and I have no money
ID	0	I hate going to the dr  just wasted 1 hour and a half for them to say my back pain is probly depression or stress. Duhh! I need it fixed
ID	1	I hate going to the dr  just wasted 1 hour and a half for them to say my back pain is probly depression or stress. Duhh! I need it fixed
ID	2	thinking about having lunch soon, but we have no food in
ID	3	I just made myself a wonderful breakfast!!!!!!!! Now I have to get ready to workout
ID	2	@energeticspace If I can run by then, I will join you...miss running
ID	4	another gorgeous day here in Pau...will be home this time in 2 weeks though, such a depressing thought!
ID	4	Good Morning Folks 13 more days to go! and sadly 2 more days of the Giro  but that means the Tour is not too far away
ID	2	nyc placements have started to come out, but it looks like upgrades might have to wait yet another two weeks for placements! dreadfully
ID	3	Oh, my God..... The end of the first course))) don't believe in it) but, yeh, so many exams  La-la-la// everything is wonderful!!!!!!!!!!
ID	4	Drop the girl she's only got it for your heart she's sure to leave broke and bleeding, and you know she'll turn her back on you.  I lo ...
ID	4	@billbathgate ....any  sorry wahh!! lub u toooo ;)
ID	4	@LuvinMeSomeD That's how it was for me in March...it came sooo slow..then it was over in a heartbeat
ID	4	Finally back from the stupid holiday ! Missing the fit bar men though
ID	2	need to go to work soonish but i really dont want to  also trying to save money... life is fab (not)
ID	2	Moving office tomorrow after 3 years at this one, its a sad day
ID	3	Last time we'll get tacos like this.
ID	3	@littlelaughalot nice! it's days like today I wish we had a garden
ID	2	my lord! this day is going to slow
ID	4	@GavinHolt i wish i was outside
ID	2	stayn @ home from school. sick. doc says I have bronchitis
ID	2	Going to see Star Trek (again) tomorrow night but this time in full IMAX glory!  I hope my motion sickness doesn't get the better of me!
ID	4	ooh@LuLu_Bell whatchu goin as? Monsterpalooza's this weekend for us.  on the no Ink, i won't be a stressed contestant this year! Miss U X0
ID	4	@bimbler I have too much work to drink now.   but I do love afternoons in the pub.
ID	4	i got ill and tomorrow ive got birthday...
ID	0	FML. . .i have the worst paper cut on my knuckle from all the papers i was handling. i hat this damn research paper!!!
ID	1	FML. . .i have the worst paper cut on my knuckle from all the papers i was handling. i hat this damn research paper!!!
ID	3	@tommcfly Tom! @buonotomato and I were wondering if you'd do a tour in Asia, specifically the Philippines. Any chance you will soon?
ID	4	@jimmycarr I've been sat sunbathing in the bombed out church all day and left and missed you
ID	3	@inrsoul argh. Interested. Time maybe can't go. Maybe.
ID	4	watching chicago. @bambamonline honeyyyy im with you I miss me some hey arnold! and wild thornberrys
ID	4	Congrats to ALL Graduates! Such a Beautiful thing &amp; Big DEAL! I jus wish i cudve attended My lil man Ryan kdg graduation  Feel verY SAD!
ID	2	Am hating my life at the moment. There's only so many NOs my delicate little mind can take
ID	2	NEEDS an external hard drive. I don't have enough money   &lt; I don't wanna give up my music! &gt;
ID	4	@SoSimplyMe. I'm sitting here with this girl that urk my nerves damm yo
ID	2	@krissylin you're a busy Bob, I'm jealous. I'm not sure I can even afford to go meet John de Lancie and Leonard Nimoy
ID	0	i HATE U.S. history
ID	1	i HATE U.S. history
ID	4	well,only one week left of my holidays,sad sad
ID	3	@kirstiealley It'd be nice but soon we'll have to Pay to Tweet
ID	2	great. my mom is pissed at me, so she sent me to the asbestos filled backroom
ID	4	@AndresHenriquez thanks for the #ff shoutout -you stuck an extra e in my username tho, so the link doesn't work
ID	3	@Td_keepsitreal haha awe. Well right now, I could be at home but I have to be here. It's horrible  Lol
ID	0	aahhh! nyc placements have started to come out, but it looks like upgrades have to wait yet another two weeks for placements! dreadfully
ID	1	aahhh! nyc placements have started to come out, but it looks like upgrades have to wait yet another two weeks for placements! dreadfully
ID	2	@ceichstaedt I guess it'll work under fusion. Otherwise you'll have to boot directly to Vista just to do some online banking, which sucks
ID	4	MY PUFFFFY IS LEAVINGGGGGGG  NOOOOOOOOO
ID	2	I'm going to miss my iMac so much over the next month.
ID	4	@izzyvideo Izzy!!! So sorry to hear that - what a disaster
ID	4	Rainy day today.  No car so we're stuck in the house   I needed to go to the post office too...bastards
ID	2	@drford not too good  how are you feeling today?
ID	3	i really want to see cash cash again
ID	4	thanks gourmetcook! But cold shower wouldn't help.
ID	2	I am never going in to town on a sunny friday in half term again. eugh got no electricity
ID	3	aaah good bye mikee  smoked crabs!
ID	2	@suziperry @AnnaPhylaxis Oh no matey, did you get ill?  It would be a bit mean of Suzi to be calling you chicken scabs if you're not!
ID	4	@katieeeian143 you're missing the devil wears prada!!!!! sad...
ID	2	@ian_watkins Oh my gosh ian i always miss you when your on
ID	4	My hairstylist left the salon without telling me where she was going.   Damn!
ID	2	@Blue_Rose *hugs* thanks. I don't know how I'm going to fix this if I'm ever going to get my account back.
ID	2	@tigerlilyleo lots and lots of red wine...knowing good and well how it has managed to make me sick a few times before
ID	3	@KatMeyer Hey, is the #beatweetup badge required for tonight? Just realized I left mine at home!
ID	4	TGIF, too bad the weather sucks...
ID	0	lousy mofo landlord.   need to focus on kid's packing but cant . nevermind sew sleeping bag
ID	1	lousy mofo landlord.   need to focus on kid's packing but cant . nevermind sew sleeping bag
ID	2	figuring out wats wrong with her she can drink but cant eat  ...
ID	3	is awake.  Still feeling sick.     But I got the blog done at least. http://plurk.com/p/x17t9
ID	2	Sephora is having a 75% off sale. And I'm so broke  Life isn't fair.
ID	2	ughhhhhhhhhhhh  :/
ID	4	@skoosie probably not. I hate when that happens!
ID	0	Ugh! I can't access through my mobile web!
ID	1	Ugh! I can't access through my mobile web!
ID	4	PSA::::: Being that I've been usuing twiddict- my last 14 tweets have yet to show on the bored. Bare w me.
ID	0	@lishreece She has her perfect moments. She just broke one of the tiles on the floor in the hallway. I don't find her very perfect now.
ID	1	@lishreece She has her perfect moments. She just broke one of the tiles on the floor in the hallway. I don't find her very perfect now.
ID	2	@singlemom75 that's the prob, no idea how to meet guys. Met all my exs online &amp; now I've dated that pool dry
ID	4	Just paid my bills now I have no money
ID	3	@JamesScholes Yes. We have a copyright exemption we're apparently trying to ensure the rest of the world doesn't have.  #sccr18
ID	4	@pampian I want to know who is that ??.6  I tried to ask P'KIA but he still not reply me  but now he change his status to 'away'
ID	4	Warhammer 40k: Space Marines 'officially' announced, only for 360 and PS3.  No luck for PC gamers
ID	2	Waiting patiently to go out tonight....al by my lonesome
ID	4	@JoeWitless more nightmares?  *huggles*
ID	2	ok, back to the dentist today. All I want to do is bask in the sun
ID	4	ugh back to work today
ID	4	I hate being young
ID	2	@Lealala i no its so warm isnt it!! :O My arms are sore  Bad times. My face is a little red too :S
ID	2	Good mornin &amp; no u tol twitter LOL but I knew &amp; called u yesterday 2 see if u were okay but no answer  how r u feelin babe?
ID	2	'ss back to the gym project. Finally finished ... Damn filthy hobo's always trying to eat my taco's.  !!   &lt;/3
ID	2	@Eyglo That's beautiful! Thanks for sharing... My grandpa was recently diagnosed with Alzheimers too....
ID	4	@RichardMadeley Oh, final msg - Why didn't you review my boardgame Bookchase when you were on telly? We didn't even get a nice letter..
ID	2	nomatter how much i sleep am still tired  either going to sleep early or late....
ID	4	Field day.... Gt class...not winning...
ID	4	loves florida but misses her american friends
ID	3	So far absolutely perfect. Great view, directly across from the elevators and ice machine and impecible weather. I need my bike.
ID	2	oh when will #gfail end? been on HTML version all day
ID	4	michael scofiled Noooooo !!  I hate the writer, director n production
ID	0	@yerex UGH I HATE QUEUEING
ID	1	@yerex UGH I HATE QUEUEING
ID	3	Last night was fun w the lightening and thunder  Today will be in the 90s
ID	2	I really need to lose weight. Anybody wanna be my exercise-buddy?
ID	2	Where is Teng?
ID	2	@iamchrisc pleeease reply !
ID	3	Altona... Wogs, Gota love em.. All I can smell is awsome food and makes me hungry
ID	3	@patrickmanning Yes PM PM you are right
ID	2	@workingmoms thanks he got hurt Wednesday and going to vets today
ID	3	@menchuly it's Friday and sweldo day too
ID	2	@herseyd That happened to me once... only I wasn't drunk. lol
ID	4	@1Shan no sir...i woulda put honey...but i don't have any
ID	4	@YankeeGirl20 besides I haven't had strep for like 10 years because of that reason. I'm more tired than anything else
ID	3	Glad to see the sun out in Dublin after a great week in London. Back to work
ID	2	@the_magician Yes, apnea, but it's not the prob. I'm on meds that might be causing this.  they help otherwise so much, don't want to stop
ID	4	darn it. I did it again.!  keep forgetting that darn &quot;D&quot; for DM's.....
ID	2	@DonnaSpeaks I dont know  I didnt even realize it was gone  let me put it up again...darn twitter!
ID	2	Wanna know a not fun way to wake up? Having a panic attack and not being able to breath for no fucking reason, that fucking sucked
ID	2	Up. Showered. Struggling for the drive to get out the door. I'm gloomy. I miss my sway.
ID	4	@jaceypants well piss on that. I can't get into their site @ work nor does it come thru on my phone.
ID	2	ConGrats to all Graduates! Such a Beautiful thing &amp; Big Deal! I wish i cudve attended my lil man Ryan Kdg Graduation..  Feel verY Sad!
ID	4	@CinemaChic I have the most failures using Lacie drives
ID	3	little beetle not feeling any love  Searches are bring up zilch, bar 2 peeps that appear funny !!!
ID	2	Well can ya please send some luvin to @JonathanrKnight   im sensing deep fiery anger surrounding his presence right now...
ID	0	Weather sucks!!... It's raining again!!
ID	1	Weather sucks!!... It's raining again!!
ID	3	im not feeling like getting myself in motion to go to work...
ID	3	@NikkiBons Happy Birthday Dork!! Lots of love for you today!!!  I wish I was there so I could buy you a drink   Make it a great night!
ID	2	is surprised Lleyton isnt putting up much of a fight
ID	2	got fever and is now half-dead.
ID	0	hates this weather
ID	1	hates this weather
ID	2	Can't play World in Conflict because the computer is running too slow
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/66o7z - Yep. Drank Bawls this morning  ... No more Bawls for me. This will be my last.
ID	3	@DoperahStyles chillin promoting muzik...not eating  lmaao
ID	2	It's a bad start to the day when you're sweating your butt off before 0930 at the range
ID	3	1:13 finished essay! off to sleep, busy day tmr
ID	4	@AsherUK i wanted to go for my birthday...
ID	4	@omarjdavis lolol...i was trying to do that this morning but sadly i couldnt
ID	4	Another long walk in the heat... I hate this...
ID	4	Spyed Princess Anne today, and listented to all my friends cooking up the perfect evening, Working sucks for me and OB ?
ID	2	@LushLtd why can't i buy the new night in for toes? i see it, it's within my grasp, but it's just not bringing it to my shopping cart
ID	4	just watched devil wears prada, and i want to live in new york city more than ever. why must i be so poor
ID	2	@alshepmh yeeeeeessss I can't wait! Too bad I can't drink
ID	2	off to work! missing out on all the sunshine!
ID	2	#ff sports: @BaseballFanNat @BKCyclones @blind_baseball @ESPNBaseball sorry for not getting around to everyone my phone is acting up
ID	3	@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/336u5 - i love her too !!! she shouldve won
ID	4	@Jamjar84 that's mean of them!
ID	2	Another day I haven't got time to play plus it's raining and chilly And also have a headache - WTH? . . going back to sulking mode.
ID	2	I'm so pissed off today n sadly.. Can't even share the reason here
ID	2	Well it's friday and usually the start of something awsome...I'm not sure if that'll be this time around  I gotta shake this
ID	4	@acmaurer No wonder I didn't get into Urbana
ID	2	Fuck. My arms feel like really sore jell-o
ID	2	@littlereview Awww!!
ID	3	Last day for our professional interns
ID	3	Demoing with Gary burr!!! So excited to get some &quot;girls&quot; music on tape!! Missing Tayla
ID	3	Just had an iced coffee. Christ that tasted nasty
ID	2	why does the beach have to be so far away from atl??    need beach, need beach.
ID	2	@jasonrockz352 aw man im sorry! I have logical reasoning I promise! I had to study in order to tutor my new student! 4give me
ID	2	I missed you yesterday, Lacey.    We get to go to granulation tonight, though.
ID	4	I ran out of Eclipse mints
ID	2	off to work again ... mercedez's last day
ID	3	Noo! I Don't wanna leave! i love it here
ID	2	To eat or not to eat? Its gonna be my last meal for the next 2 weeks.
ID	2	Just got past really bad crash.........car was mangled
ID	2	oh no somebody hacked into my email  i'm scared now. what the fuck!!
ID	4	@pennynash I was scared by the Daleks in the DW Exhibition in Cardiff.
ID	3	@ExtremeWithin Yes, soak it up for sure. It's gonna be fast n furious. Only one show this year  More reason to revel in the moment.
ID	2	@LuvinMeSomeD Yep, exactly   And I'm really sad about this tour...I know I'm gonna cry at my last M&amp;G....
ID	2	@ani_trip I bet he didn't fall asleep till like this morning  sorries.
ID	3	@miztrouble89 love you loads hun ) hot weather gutted i aint with you now chillaxing  but we got tomoz  xxxx
ID	3	@filthydukes _yeah thanks for that you pair of gits  (hope it's mega- like the bus!)
ID	2	@EricaJo42 yeah but there are like 5,000 types of snakes..and it's wicked wicked wicked hot...and idk. i don't think i'd like it
ID	4	I ran outta bathroom passes.  maybe mrs. French will be nice today?
ID	2	Had to come in, was baking out there and have slight headache now
ID	2	don't think that went well, was only in there for 15 mins
ID	0	FACT 1: iHate DirecTV OnDemand w/a passion that burns w/the white hot intensity of 1000 suns. FACT 2: iMiss Comcast. Like a lot
ID	1	FACT 1: iHate DirecTV OnDemand w/a passion that burns w/the white hot intensity of 1000 suns. FACT 2: iMiss Comcast. Like a lot
ID	4	for all the effort and time put into some of these relationships with people, you learn enough not to trust anyone...
ID	2	@DonnieWahlberg Hi Donnie today i want 2 hear from u that u guys r going to reschedule NC so i dont have 2 b bummed anymore
ID	4	@faulko1 i'm watchign the garden from the window...far too hot for me
ID	3	Not feeling very well.
ID	2	@geekasia I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
ID	4	I slept so late
ID	2	well dnt really knw wot to do stay wit some 1 who doesnt want 2 b wiv me or move home to rents after 4yr of bein away
ID	3	at starbucks with my love. eff school. i have work later too.
ID	2	@SaylaMarz Looks like we're on the exact same track  Nothing worse than not being able to fix things for someone you love.
ID	2	@lindseylu My club card and picture and I just cured world hunger! And made of gold! This thing is awesome! Too bad you don't have yours.
ID	2	@pennydog Yucky!  Time to bring out the vaccuum and go to War. Our house is always a spider haven for some reason. Not cool.
ID	4	...aw i want classic burger.
ID	4	i always feel last.
ID	3	I want to go to Universal too!
ID	3	@karleemay Thank You, Sweetie. I just don' understand how people can be mad at me for something THEY made as a choice in life..
ID	4	@CostaVidaFred awwwwww sorry we're going to miss you!
ID	4	@kirstiealley So you wouldn't reply to my gorgeous hot pink shoe then?
ID	0	Yukky  Rainy Friday
ID	1	Yukky  Rainy Friday
ID	4	Okay I lied! I meant this time next week! That is sooo much longer!!  I miss my mommy...
ID	2	I'm trying to figure out how on earth I am supposed to be able to update my statuses via my phone. Someone help meeee!
ID	0	I was awoken by loud banging and it continues all day  Good thing I got an early rest last night!
ID	1	I was awoken by loud banging and it continues all day  Good thing I got an early rest last night!
ID	2	It's official nobody is getting a raise this year
ID	2	Been 2 years and m still devistated that they knocked down my old primary school
ID	2	@nokiko Oh, I see what you mean. That is true if they are used improperly, which we know they are.
ID	2	Today is my last day of employment for the next 3.4 years. Here I come graduate school!  Going to miss the action at www.shugartbates.com
ID	2	E3 2009 will be the first time I will not get to see G4TV's E3 coverage since Comcast moved the  G4 channel from basic cable to premium
ID	3	I WANT A GARDEN  sitting inside when it's sunny sucks.
ID	3	at a auto shop getting m suv fix ugh more $   http://twitpic.com/66of2
ID	0	@TheColorAbi That sounds shitty too.
ID	1	@TheColorAbi That sounds shitty too.
ID	3	Had a lovely day yesterday. The weather was great! Now stupid slapton
ID	4	on the way home , no sleep  makeup and pedicure then graduation ceremony
ID	3	fcuk! ayoko na!! I said that in tagalog cuz idk what to do anymore!
ID	2	The lab informs me the logic board is dead as well. It is farking expensive to replace. I don't know what to do.  #MyPowerBookG4RIP
ID	2	@ryking I never know whether they include me. Just straight white men, right? I wanna be part of the problem too.
ID	0	@To_The_Moon Hiya hun! It's just not my day. Dentist appointment (ouch!),notebook being a bitch. Feeling sick  How's you?
ID	1	@To_The_Moon Hiya hun! It's just not my day. Dentist appointment (ouch!),notebook being a bitch. Feeling sick  How's you?
ID	2	Back to work.  Extremely slow now that start up's over.
ID	4	@Debut_Steve yes....but now I'm not going to be paid to be in the pub
ID	4	@deegospel Hey Dee... I wish I could make it to the mastermind session tomorrow  I'm in a wedding in Statesboro. hope to chat soon.
ID	2	@laurenmichell Scary!
ID	0	Infamous should have arrived today. But it didn't...
ID	1	Infamous should have arrived today. But it didn't...
ID	0	@davenavarro6767  it so sucks not having fast internet   dial up sucks everything takes to long to load no way i would have won
ID	1	@davenavarro6767  it so sucks not having fast internet   dial up sucks everything takes to long to load no way i would have won
ID	3	Booo. Finally I could get back on here. My Internet went out
ID	2	One downside of the nice weather: It brings of the chavs...
ID	4	wishing I got fij
ID	2	NEED SUMTHING FOR THIS EXCRUCIATING HEADACHE
ID	0	@Aubs my thoughts exactly re: leaving my 3 dogs. They al hate when they see the luggage come out
ID	1	@Aubs my thoughts exactly re: leaving my 3 dogs. They al hate when they see the luggage come out
ID	2	My mother is taking Gambit to the vet today. I hope it's nothing too serious.
ID	4	@getape I had bad net issues on Weds so couldn't broadcast  Am on tonight tho... tune in for new anthems and bad mixing!
ID	3	I am sick  but Ians coming over so its all good ;)
ID	4	Someone stole my new laptop at the airport. haven't even used it. Guess the US economy is breeding a new set of &quot;opportinists&quot;
ID	2	@NmcDee Haha ....I Cudnt Get Tickets For Dublin ..I Was soo Upset
ID	4	is tanning with emily! too bad its prob gonna rain
ID	4	I think I have hayfever. Not sure due to wearing next to nothing in horrific weather on wed.
ID	2	@tommcfly Tom! Do a tour in the Philippines, please?  That would be so awesome!
ID	3	@miss_devi thankyou. i wont but you know
ID	0	@db412 Amen to that! My vitamins made me so ill  I felt better before i started taking them!
ID	1	@db412 Amen to that! My vitamins made me so ill  I felt better before i started taking them!
ID	2	is hoping that she left her bb at home and didn't lose it on the Metro
ID	3	@MollieOfficial congrats mollie! just wish i could have got some tickets
ID	4	@kiso666 omg!!!! I feel bad,  .Was it good?              ;
ID	2	oh kasa, please lose the hair do
ID	4	Lunch time! Feeling really odd today, generally not great
ID	2	The reason why I can't find the latest Arena magazine is because it has folded due to the recession. Grrrrr. GQ/FHM survive? No justice.
ID	4	Shopped til i dropped....come bac sunshine i miss u
ID	3	had a shit contact with both parents &gt;.&gt;  grrr
ID	2	My sisters in laws house, car and tree got hit by lightning last night! Aint that some shit lol its on the news, awww me sorry
ID	4	@joeburkel Looks like they dialed it in a LOT...payed attention to all the small but important details in gameplay...still no blood tho
ID	3	Moment of truth!! Im nervous for her!
ID	4	@krist0ph3r Anything for @sgElectra. So sorry man  I am not a patsy generally...
ID	4	@Enchanted_Myst I am soooo disappointed that that is what he looks like btw! The image is gone
ID	3	watching midsomer murders... totally in love with this show. Should have pursued forensic psychology instead of this brain thingy
ID	2	WOW i just drank a drink of water - 12 ice cubes that took ages to melt. i now have brian freeze
ID	3	@briancash Yum...wish we could be there today. I have a cold and don't want to infect others...so we will miss our Friday session.
ID	2	@jdawg Still waiting for a email  from MAX. So i consider no news, bad news.
ID	2	Missing my mom today. We made it a &quot;date&quot; every year to get our flowers together. This yr I was alone. Felt so weird
ID	0	@LAKEVIA @kingdobson dont listen..he do him..but I tried not taking a nap yesterday and I still was up til 1am and than I got up at 7am
ID	1	@LAKEVIA @kingdobson dont listen..he do him..but I tried not taking a nap yesterday and I still was up til 1am and than I got up at 7am
ID	3	It just hit me that I am leaving conti...     boooooooo..
ID	3	@katismonster i wnt there yesterday!  wish u could go with me someday u,u LOOVE YA &lt;3
ID	2	@Bing11 Yes, and I really hoped to do one last gas price story... but I guess it wasn't meant to be!!!
ID	2	My back hurts
ID	4	Once again, I'm dealing with cancer in my direct family. Bugger  Cancel sucks!
ID	4	@KillzoneDotCom  tis a sad day
ID	4	My stomach effing hurts. Sadly there'll be no gym class this afternoon
ID	4	@lestockdrop i wish i was there too
ID	4	@faizis i wish for kiau to go cat heaven too. and meet my seuss
ID	4	@SteveChaiGuy Your Steve Chai sounds awesome. *wishes she had one now* But I'm stuck with: Idon'tknowwhatdamnbrandcoffeethisis
ID	2	@Malcmail I wasn't given an exact date, but it shouldn't be much longer. Please accept our apologies for the inconvenience!
ID	3	@zincroof ahh ok! Enjoy! I'll miss it
ID	4	Cab is so slow so I will probably miss the first beer...
ID	4	I AM SUCH A CREEPER  I feel disappointed because of it. Damn my cyberstalking skills   the internet = no more privacy.
ID	4	@tinogomes @MarceloN passed away
ID	2	can't feel my tail bone.
ID	2	@alpew Good luck.. I have still to get wireless working post IT6
ID	2	@SidViciious You must be doing different poetry to me. All we get is Catullus, some Ovid and and an extract from the Aeneid.  x
ID	2	@Mandelin Omg i'm on a one year work permit! Going home end of June...i'm really gna miss it   #canada
ID	2	there are many jobs I aspire to, supervisor is not one of them  talk about too much stress for too little pay
ID	2	So tired and I don't know why
ID	2	Kidney Stones again  What did I ever do to deserve this kind of pain, not once or twice but five times in my life??? Took drugs, peace out
ID	4	in school w. linda doing nothing  ;i miss you
ID	2	@nkotblorib Nothing definite yet..and the show is in a week   I may just be resorted to giving them away
ID	4	Just got up thinkin about how weird it is w/out our dog
ID	2	@LadyLogan I thought u were down here so I came down and u were mom said no RJ took them
ID	2	maaaaan! I spent an hour on a project for work, only to have the computer bork and crash and lost it all
ID	3	@umphreysmcgee Great Podcast!  I wish you guys had more Chi shows this summer.  The only times I will see you will be at Alpine
ID	4	@TeeRibbzz noo.. U dont even know how upset I am right now..
ID	2	@AgingBackwards I use to own a 32 lbs tabby cat. Got him for North Shore Animal league he had diabetes
ID	4	Well, @suzylake I discovered I can't swim.  I'm out.  Sorry
ID	2	I'm looking forward to going home tomorrow, but I really wish it was for a different reason.
ID	3	And figuring out how to watch Middlesbrough games next year, after the dreaded drop.
ID	4	@gaspsiagore &quot;stunningly beautiful&quot; and &quot;new piece&quot; don't usually go together. Wish I could go
ID	3	Nothings better than having to take a cold shower in the morning
ID	2	Hey #rda2009cla presentation was too large to post!  sorry   (From rules to entities: cataloguing with RDA live &gt; http://ustre.am/2j3l)
ID	2	TGIF. I don't feel good.
ID	3	@lurkey hahaha chivalry's not dead, just rare
ID	3	@aliis32 LoL....heeeyyy love! Not much working   and you
ID	4	shares I miss my niece and nephew. http://tinyurl.com/mrgqdc http://plurk.com/p/x1ap6
ID	2	@reflective aww... sorry for both of you.  May the LORD give you strength and rest today!
ID	3	@JamesDReid i got coupons to Popeye's chicken but I'll probably end up getting a burrito at freshii - this salad joint. healthy
ID	2	@MarceloN rlly dead?  Descanse em paz... #luto #sad #RIP
ID	4	Experiencing pain with paginating ASP.NET ListView controls
ID	2	painting my nails green in an attempt to look like an army person. annoyed that everyone seems to tan apart from me! freckles and sunburn
ID	3	Finally it's Friday! Things are going to be so different starting next week...my house will be empty!
ID	2	Trying to revise Environmental Studies and write my personal statement at the same time is really hard!!
ID	2	This is very bad news...  BTW, now i started with some friends to make the jedi academy unleashed mod. It will be only SP and for PC!!!!
ID	2	@marvelvscapcom I entered it in within 20 seconds of post and still didn't get it
ID	2	@ATTNews Still no Internet today
ID	2	super hungry... Dominos or martabak... both tempting and fattening
ID	3	@ConciseKilgore morning T! I love their breakfast! If I wasn't stuck at the shop right now getting maintenance done to the ride!
ID	3	O dnt even like wearing  my skinny jean no more cuz of yall bitch ass ni99as...
ID	4	i dont get it
ID	2	@Smilystace i am so sorry
ID	3	ooh lovely, a ridiculous amount of revision left to do
ID	0	i have no idea wtf im doing
ID	1	i have no idea wtf im doing
ID	4	Sorta needs to somehow forget that its E3 in LA practically during my ethics exam and self-imposed revision time.
ID	4	Beyonce helps me through the day, I'm starting to get sick
ID	4	Oh my poop. Stupid Twitter won't let me put up a new picture.
ID	4	(@MeowMeowHotMix) My chick wont shut up  Will only stop chirping if i sit with the bloody thing.
ID	3	@mr2oh2 So you're gonna make me go alllll the way to the store??? LOL  I have to find one...I'll Google.  Thanks.    LOL
ID	2	Up early for class. ((Blahh))-------&gt; Hang Over kiddies
ID	2	@MattyV AND! you wouldnt even be able to go. its too far for you
ID	3	@rcf89 you have GH:WT? i hate you! i &quot;got&quot; it but it was DVD9  and i need it now the drums are being sold separately
ID	4	My head is starting to ache again, and I have to reinstall operating systems on 31 computers.
ID	2	@SolarAvada - DAMN. LOL ON FRIDAY.? ITS NOW SATURDAY HERE LOL. IM IN AUSTRALIA
ID	4	@hookedonwinter   your picture makes me thristy EVERYDAY!
ID	4	the columbus blue jackes may be movieing to anew city to play at  thats sad news
ID	4	stupid rain, now our picnic is cancelled till tomorrow
ID	4	Wants to go home with the seniors
ID	4	Philadelphia Phillies' Brett Myers out indefinitely with injured hip - http://tinyurl.com/megxu2 (via @PHI_Phillies) nooooo
ID	4	Will this rain ever go away, my puppy is getting cabin fever and she doesn't like going out in the rain
ID	2	About to get my wisdom teeth pulled!
ID	2	Woke up and felt a sharp pain in the back of my leg. No school for me today
ID	2	@_kotenok !!  ... maybe they took one look at you and said &quot;That's our girl!&quot;
ID	3	@OfficialBabyV : yes she got all lovey with him&amp;he returned the love&amp;1thing led2 another&amp;  also @BrittanyASnow wants2 know y ur mad at her
ID	2	Taking a load of old broken concrete to the landfill. Tried to find a recycler
ID	2	Sitting at the Connection listening to the employees reminisce and mope about their last shift
ID	2	misses driving already
ID	3	what up world im just chillin, bout to go get this money!! But in this economy no money is easy money anymore
ID	3	i &lt;3 maria but i wish she was in my class!!!  i love her lol bored in class again!!
ID	3	@dopegirlfresh YAY!!  I was supposed to be there next weekend. But its off now.   But I'ma make it out there...I &lt;3 Philly.
ID	3	My last full day in NY  but can't wait to go to Seattle and La la land
ID	4	crying so hard.......
ID	2	i really miss you @STYLEnista i wish you were down here
ID	3	It's Friday, but not the most pleasant ones  waaaaaay to much work...
ID	2	I'm very conflicted here.  I really like Mike but I still have feelings for Darrin.  It's really complicated.  I don't know what to do.
ID	2	I'm really tired today - I must have slept very badly... I'm glad it's an &quot;off&quot; Friday, but I've still got a ton of stuff to get done  #fb
ID	4	@theguigirl Awwww...thanks!! ;) Unfortunately, everything closes at 4pm in Sweden on a friday. Presentation is 9am Monday.
ID	3	@arlastouch nothing yet  still looking....but lets for sure do lunch next week!!
ID	2	is afraid she caught that thing going around... I feel utterly drained and it's only 10 am!
ID	2	@jdcritte Though it was a cold that would go away, turns out it's a sinus infection that just keeps getting worse and worse by the day.
ID	2	I gotta do my assignments tomorrow  OMG mackillop has swine
ID	4	ughhh have a tummy ache
ID	4	Why are we busy ugh I have the largest headache
ID	2	@anitapsays what happened?  are you suffering from neck/shoulder/back pain like me?  i can't move either
ID	3	Jesus Christ meadowhall could do with better air con! Too hot
ID	2	@htoddcarter @CatholicMeme http://tinyurl.com/mdr7b4 I just noticed that too
ID	4	has had a fab day on placement, But working all weekend.
ID	4	Its a gorgeous day and I'm going to work allll day  Just gotta keep telling myself its for NYC!!
ID	2	@leilaanasazi: I'm sure lots of that studio equipment was collected analog stuff that can't be bought anymore.    seriously, condolences.
ID	2	bye LA... I already miss you
ID	4	&quot;I only think of you as breaking my heart, I'm trying to keep it together but I'm falling apart.&quot;
ID	4	pengen nonton Friens of mine comeback show di prost beer house kemang besok.. tapi ga bisaaaaaaaaaa..
ID	2	i wanna watch PCD concert dad
ID	2	What a dreary, rainy, crappy day.
ID	4	@silenceiseasy no no no lol I cut my bangs like Kate Hudson in bride wars a few months ago and it was super cute. Looks diff this time
ID	4	@shutupandspinx3: yay! Lol. Now I know how you felt when I was gone.
ID	4	@davenavarro6767 Not Columbus but just wanted to say sorry to be missing Indiana show tomorrow. So sad  I will be in the woods with 8 GS.
ID	4	missing ontario..
ID	3	@teaanyone why not?  its the most retarded thing someone could do at their 16th, and you know me- I like to be retarded. 8(
ID	2	i am very very tired
ID	0	i hate the biatches of this world
ID	1	i hate the biatches of this world
ID	2	@fortrel The newest versions are not any better
ID	2	@Petiethecat None of Meowmie's friends have money, and even if they did, she wouldn't be able to pay them back.
ID	4	what a bad day 1 of my close relative has died so i wont be going to florida
ID	4	phew! i am MELTING!  stupid fan - you picked a good day to stop working
ID	4	@meeshel that sucks.   did you save any of it?
ID	2	Gah the sunlight is so bright today it's giving me a headache  Resorted to wearing new sunglasses
ID	4	bad grades again
ID	3	@HelloHolland noooo, why!!  what are you gonna do there? wandelweekend??
ID	2	10 25 Am Still waiting on the doc to come and break my water.
ID	4	@michelleweber  Been there and never at a good time   Your recourse is small claims or you can get a atty involved. But that is more $
ID	0	I hate when it's cloudy. I either want it to be all sunny or raining. It's cloudy
ID	1	I hate when it's cloudy. I either want it to be all sunny or raining. It's cloudy
ID	2	i want to borrow an MX5 this weekend
ID	3	@ElizaPatricia =o YOU SAW FLEETWOOD MAC! I'm insanely jealous. I don't have enough money to buy tickets.  I think I'll never see them. =(
ID	3	@yoitsbooty ) NICE. I want it. I'll get the pirated. ) I MISS YOU
ID	0	I have had it with job hunting. I try all day and nothing works  I bet I couldn't even work at the strip club because of my cider belly!
ID	1	I have had it with job hunting. I try all day and nothing works  I bet I couldn't even work at the strip club because of my cider belly!
ID	3	So I get up early and I feel good about the day. I walk to work and I'm feeling alright. But guess what... I don't work today.
ID	4	no internet in my pocket   edge network down in denver  *sob*
ID	2	just been in the garden but i was being attacked by bugs so i came inside
ID	2	I know that just sounded really stupid.  having 2 jobs sucks. I don't like feeling like this. I feel bitter and angry. What am I? 70??
ID	4	@kdelbonis Well I can't get Cupcake because I can't connect to T-Mobile's network because my SIM card is corrupted
ID	4	VCenter is screwing up on me today.  More specifically the MSSQL server that it connects to.
ID	3	@ColinOLN i'm trying to make myself like it but i haven't been successful so far. haha
ID	4	@iamlittleboots all my recording eqpmnts out. a full day 2 myself and minds gone blank. outfit for G-A-Y still nt arrived eitha
ID	2	Eatting all these candies I bought from little mexico last night... Charged my ass .50 for swipping my card and it all taste like shampoo
ID	4	@alwaysmuah Hey Ruthie girl... u send me all these lovely twitts but never respond!  I'm hurt... how's Mikey and Dion?
ID	4	heading up to the farm   dont want to i wanna stay here and talk with my boyfriend... STUPID MOM FOR MAKING ME GO UP &gt;.&lt;
ID	0	@LRon_Jaii :-S weirdo leave him alone
ID	1	@LRon_Jaii :-S weirdo leave him alone
ID	4	@LolzyluvsJB Neither could i! And i looked on ebay and it was like 250 euro for two!!!! but i doubt my parents would fork that amount out
ID	4	there's something about this area that makes my tonsils swell up everyday. i don't get it..  i feel slightly miserable. #FF done 4 now!!
ID	4	@RetroBakery I would have to agree on the Bacon Cupcake... Would rather drive 2 the shop instead of 2 the office
ID	4	@nettagyrl What makes me sad is when I follow someone I converse with and have similar bios, but they don't follow me back!
ID	2	You know you're too old to party like a rockstar when....you realize no one else claps when they dance. It's just you
ID	4	browsin thru the videos in my multiply and i saw the video u sang with my bf. i miss you, N. we all miss you. pls come back wherever u r.
ID	3	@cc_chapman #whuffaoke is the same night as @ACDC at Gillette Stadium!
ID	3	@tommcfly Will we see you guys in the Philippines?  That would be the coolest thing ever! Always wanted to go to one of your concerts!
ID	4	Now I'm all sad because I'll probably never see Fleetwood Mac.
ID	3	@grizzlycullen it was days yesterday and probably today that I wish I had taken the top off my jeep.  I need help haha. IT'S FRICKEN HOT
ID	4	I feel guilty bc I think it's my fault the hard drive died
ID	4	Could do with some messages to cheer me up  !!!!! @RobynLouise1993 @leahstakes @MissKeriBaby @jewlear @Celenko @sarahbeeny @Beverleyknight
ID	3	@bookaliciouspam Hey welcome to VA, LOL.  It's muggy up here by DC too.  Worst part of summer I'd say
ID	4	is in the costume shop cleaning and STARVING. Bring me food???
ID	3	35mins through the 1hr 20mins Google Wave demo, that looks a lot of fun, would love to test it though.  http://bit.ly/WnMSc
ID	4	@PhilipHotchkiss Sorry, but I don't see a Twitter user named @TomClain
ID	2	@sk8n_bree say hi to the otters! They are my favorite- besides the fact they are slowly killing themselves with each shell they open.
ID	2	sorry guys i didn't sign in for a while  sorry every1
ID	2	Horrid dream. I suspect I will have to cancel my plans tonight...
ID	2	@SquishT77 So sorry to hear about your mum.
ID	3	I don't think I'm very well. Just in time for the weekend
ID	2	my online portfolio is down  great...esp when jobs are trying to look at it
ID	3	I want dazzle,
ID	2	@Jaisaphira I agree, however I can't sell  until I'm a full brick &amp; motar store...  soon though hopefully
ID	3	I THINK EVERYONE HATES ME ON HERE   lol
ID	0	ow, I just rolled over my toe with my desk chair.
ID	1	ow, I just rolled over my toe with my desk chair.
ID	2	The one day I do my hair, weather sucks  where is the sun?
ID	2	4 hours of sleep, a migraine, again? What is wrong with me?    hate my life
ID	2	@clairmc my riding time has been dismal too during these rainy weeks.  haven't been able to make myself to go to the gym instead.
ID	2	@ekalavyab dammit i had the passes but i am still at work
ID	4	@IamChrisMann I'm just sick of stupid guys but for a moment u make me believe not all of them suck then I get back to reality
ID	2	Going to the doctors now. Scared as shit.
ID	2	My body hurt  I need a rub down like NOW!
ID	2	@chantelnicole I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
ID	2	@countingcrows i'm totally gutted, i ended up with my foot in a cast today so i can't travel to nottingham now to see you guys   xxx
ID	2	@electricdog 140 characters, I find, is rarely enough to elaborate much upon anything.
ID	4	@thinkgeek curses upon the ridiculously slow internetz at work!  The dang image just now loaded...
ID	4	@flyyKiDDangel lmao I need a shopping partner today.
ID	0	@RoTone u suck! had i went to jail i couldnt tweet anymore
ID	1	@RoTone u suck! had i went to jail i couldnt tweet anymore
ID	3	it's you and me forever ?, it's you and me right now   flywithmeobsessive. Im crying
ID	3	Mucking about on Guitar Rig 3. The demo, that is
ID	2	My throat hurts
ID	2	@EAZY_ERON Effy breaks my heart.
ID	3	@DaveJMatthews concert tonight at fenwayyy! hopefully the rain stops
ID	4	@LinkedInBrian Unfortunately, I will be nowhere near the beach. I have fam in that area, too.
ID	2	@thinkgeek Aw, man!
ID	3	@yvetterdz84 nah, he won't  but I will sit here and enjoy the view :-P
ID	3	@Mpisthename Kisses! or its screwed. i'll be a raggy old cat woman ha i'm pretty sure of it
ID	0	Got the sniffles   I SO don't want to get sick - I don't need this.
ID	1	Got the sniffles   I SO don't want to get sick - I don't need this.
ID	0	Just got woken up by my mom... Our ENTIRE first floor is flooded. All our furniture, curtains, moms expensive rugs.... Soaked and ruined
ID	1	Just got woken up by my mom... Our ENTIRE first floor is flooded. All our furniture, curtains, moms expensive rugs.... Soaked and ruined
ID	3	Such a beautiful day. I just wish I had the energy to enjoy it.
ID	4	darn it that was supposed to be a haiku but the formatting failed me.
ID	2	http://pinkpawsforlife.org/ - pets get cancer too.
ID	4	Really wants to buy new clothes
ID	2	&quot;Isn't she lovely? Isn't she beautiful?&quot; Sorry Stevie, you're not really in a position to make that judgement  #steviewonder
ID	2	Braxton was up at 2:30 untill 4am and now he won't sleep more than 15 minutes at a time! It's hard to be a mom on days like this!
ID	4	walk was grand peeps lol feet are really hurting now thought  xx
ID	2	Sitting @ home sick.... wish this cold wuld go away.... start skool mon!!! yay!!!! not so much
ID	3	shopping with @curlysue69x tonight, cant wait!  Lucky bastard @jayrunway has already finished work  im stuck here forever!
ID	2	trying to get into the groove of studying  heeelllppppp meeeeeeee
ID	4	How could they kill him? Hollyoaks made me sad.
ID	2	@infinitus_ When they don't pop well. I feel lousier after playing those.
ID	4	i need to get my life together aka my apartment all cleaned and back how it was before my birthday
ID	2	ahh everyone's out today taking in the sunny weather except me  might go and watch some tv...
ID	3	getting cds ready for tour
ID	2	got back from walking to school gotta go back around one or two that heat almost gave me a stroke
ID	2	you know you're working to late when you hear about the sun setting via twitter
ID	2	starting phase 1 of operation &quot;be productive&quot;- pack clothes. can't find pink tank top!! oh no!!!
ID	3	@kamy775 It's gonna be hot here today too. today is Ryan's last day of pre-k. I can't believe it!  I've been a SAHM since I had him!
ID	3	@xXHAZELXx: Ok its suppose 2b followfriday not unfollow Friday  aw well I have nice tweeters anyway! &lt;-almost doesnt sound right...lol;)
ID	4	- me and my mom's cars were broken into.  I feel violated.
ID	4	My car is in the car hospital for the nxt 7 days  I gotta go pick up a loaner car b4 6! Bein without wheels 4 7day will set me back heavy!
ID	2	@Youngbanks206 did you already get your update? I havent yet
ID	2	@cazp09  lol y? is it really gross??  i'm HUNGRY and theres nothin to have
ID	2	@uncomplex not sure I can make it afterall
ID	2	i had my chance and blew it, now i have to suffer the consequences..gnite tweeps
ID	2	kids out for summer/ pool has been taken over/ no more tanning girls  #haiku #yayschoolisout #sarcasm
ID	4	@tcwmatt oh no!!!  well..... When you get back lots of pictures!!!
ID	2	My sister got a lunch date and I don't
ID	0	@mcpactions bugger didn't know that  shame people have to stick there nose in!
ID	1	@mcpactions bugger didn't know that  shame people have to stick there nose in!
ID	4	@cheetham Alas, we can't broadcast the lunches as we have no bandwidth in those rooms
ID	0	I HATE FLORISTS  No rose for cassadee tomorrow now =/ fricken fag florist people ={ hmm..need something else...hmm...
ID	1	I HATE FLORISTS  No rose for cassadee tomorrow now =/ fricken fag florist people ={ hmm..need something else...hmm...
ID	2	Sitting at my desk wishing things were different
ID	2	is wondering why no one else is following it....  C'mon people!
ID	2	@CaityKaboom so sad i have to pay $60
ID	3	@clovisdied *hugs* me too.
ID	2	Not feeling comfortable with myself today
ID	2	@eogasawa you looked great for being sick yesterday! i'm sorry I didn't really make an effort to say hi...  I was preoccupied for a while
ID	4	I SO should've gone right now!!! *wish I could alter time!!  *
ID	3	@pmayroy cause i wasn't there!
ID	3	i forgot to put my work clothes in the dryer  also, i love my new slippers!
ID	2	I HAVE A HEADACHE
ID	3	So I cannot find my poetry book. It wasn't at my dad's and I'm about to tear up my room looking for it. It I don't, I'm gonna be sad
ID	3	@BD_illustrated Me Too! Its hard to argue w/ him 'cause he makes some great points, i just can't wrap my heart around that one
ID	4	Tracy and Berwick breaks my achy breaky heart  They split ways in the hallways.
ID	3	Chatted with my old schoolmates. Awww  I miss my Highschool.
ID	4	@deadlyknitshade  OOh but you soon get to meet the dung mice!!
ID	2	is sooo confused these days   But glad to be back from Lillestrm
ID	2	Of all things good and awesome about shooting destination weddings, I'll miss my baby girl for few days.   #fb
ID	4	Awh, its the last day of the tour  I'll miss hangin w/@sendoutscuds and Children 18:3. Soooo...let's make it an awesome nite in OK!!
ID	3	WALES HERE I AM! 1st 2 weeks away in wales. but idk if the guys at school really like me...
ID	4	@semipenguin they are gone after I restarted TwetDeck  , and I wanted to follow  the peeps that I got posted frommy friends :/
ID	4	@Brookeleeadams Gutted you won't be on live office girls anymore
ID	2	@dnbauman hahah yeah, i had the same problem. Tomorrow there is a bday dinner for Terry at 7:30 so i don't think we'll see the fight
ID	3	@CMiget That's always fun to clean up
ID	2	my car is in at the garage &amp; is not coming out anytime soon! last time I heard the gearbox was the problem, still waiting for the quote.
ID	4	Taking my brother to the airport  Then gym.
ID	3	@Katiekins08 I want to SOOOOOOO BAD!!!
ID	4	@esatt you don't wanna see me while you're here?
ID	2	On hold with unemployment, hoping to get call completed before I need to get daughter from school! Not looking good
ID	2	Im Back, sorry, lot a work  news?
ID	0	@doug251192 not impressed....! it might go away if you complain too much!  x
ID	1	@doug251192 not impressed....! it might go away if you complain too much!  x
ID	2	ok nevermind. photo was set to private. sorry.
ID	4	just got home from school and from the wake of my friend's father.  so tired..
ID	4	is off to get her hair cut in the morning, and is not looking forward to spending a weekend alone
ID	4	Life can get soo Dull sometimes what do you do when u have no 1 around  x
ID	2	@ilovesarai i think i am going to do lennys.. i dont know! ahh! lol i hate making decsions!
ID	0	i hate my new section this school year.. huhu..
ID	1	i hate my new section this school year.. huhu..
ID	3	@WerewolfSeth well, i must say she is very lucky to have you! i guess that means no chillin and concert with me huh
ID	4	I'm too busy at work today...it is interferring with socializing
ID	3	@goodlaura  *waves to make it all OK again*
ID	2	TGIF! What a morning! It's been non-stop &amp; I need coffee. Stayed up late last night trying to get todays work done. Didn't work
ID	4	Broke Up with girlfriend, FEELING Very lonely and heartbroken  Sad times guys (N)
ID	2	@deedz I totally agree. I just don't like it when everybody closes the windows in buses, trains etc. I'm afraid of getting diseases there
ID	4	@LolzyluvsJB Yeaa i'm so sad i've watched her live performances in Peru etc and they are EPIC!   I wish she'd just come to N.I! lol xo
ID	4	the mall i once worked at has turned into a very depressing place
ID	0	Stupid kubuntu keeps on freezing on me. I thought linux never freezes
ID	1	Stupid kubuntu keeps on freezing on me. I thought linux never freezes
ID	2	@Rukkie    What To Say?
ID	0	@charlej47's going to Disney World, lucky bitch.
ID	1	@charlej47's going to Disney World, lucky bitch.
ID	2	@NancyEDunne oh Nancy - so sorry for your loss  &amp; wishing you the best!
ID	2	Slept at my parents the bed was hard as a rock now my back feels like a rock
ID	3	..exams.  haha just remembrd the china buffet king yesterday. vair amusing ....
ID	4	(@isabelmariee) oh snap
ID	2	@deadra I could have bought a Vespa with the amount of money I just spent
ID	4	@daaku @danishk lol.. zzzzy in office and I'm alone in my bay again.
ID	2	industrial tommorow! oh yeah &amp; I get to go see a bunch of old people go away forever &amp; I will probably cry all over the place.
ID	2	I always feel like I'm betraying her trust in me when I drop the pup off at the groomer.
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/66q88 - So....I don't have a PE  but I do have a Pocket Artoo!
ID	4	it's raining..
ID	2	thinkin &amp; tryin 2 figure out lifes tricks
ID	2	omg i was so nervous last block. i had my speech and i almost puked. it was horrible.... i bet i got a bad grade on it....
ID	4	@thewordaliveaz  I was SUPPOSED to be coming...life got in the way lol give my friends a wild time!!!
ID	2	I want Guitar Hero:World Tour SOO bad.
ID	3	Managed to find a bottle of Pimm's! If only we had the weather to go with it
ID	2	just realized i gained 40 pounds in the last year  http://bit.ly/wCr3a
ID	0	TGIF I don't like 12 hour workdays  I need to stand up, run around 4 a while.... too much sitting!!! Plus, I have honest ade tea 2day! YAY
ID	1	TGIF I don't like 12 hour workdays  I need to stand up, run around 4 a while.... too much sitting!!! Plus, I have honest ade tea 2day! YAY
ID	3	On a flight home  after an awesome trip with my cousin! Miss you sophia
ID	2	I'm really bored! My brother went to get his permit! Stay off the roads! Jk lol! It feels like all my friends have abandoned me! Except 1
ID	0	@EddieMalone yeah sucks eh!
ID	1	@EddieMalone yeah sucks eh!
ID	2	@drewryanscott I would be there... But I live across the country
ID	2	so hot in the office as air con been broken for weeks, fans on all round office but they just push hot air around really and not helping
ID	4	@joinrick cool, not a big user of DM though
ID	3	@enrapture_ I'm still waiting for them to recontinue their &quot;breathless&quot; scent..  lol
ID	2	wait a sec. there are only 8 more days left of hotdogging?  ....i did not sign up for this...
ID	4	I really despair over the whole copyright situation http://bit.ly/yLY0I ~ being visually impaired means you don't deserve to read  #sccr18
ID	2	gettn ready to take a trip to Jersey my dad's not doing so good, he needs a new heart~whoeva see's this please say a prayer for my dad
ID	2	ive got a headache now
ID	2	Today seems like it should be a good day! Even though my fuel pump is going out on my car  *~xoxo~*
ID	2	i didn't wake up early enough to go roller blading  contrary to a tributary, i flow endlessly
ID	0	@michelleflores Michelle, I slept for 11 hours last night. I'm still stick with this fever.
ID	1	@michelleflores Michelle, I slept for 11 hours last night. I'm still stick with this fever.
ID	4	I don't like waiting
ID	2	Not feeling too good at ALL, about to head to work from 12-5.  Not a bad shift, just not fun when you don't feel well! Hope it goes FAST
ID	2	@MINDY979  I wish I knew..  Trying to figure something out here too
ID	2	I think I'm running a fever and not feeling so well!
ID	2	I'm extremely hungry.... and the only thing I have in my house is Soup...  I don't like soup... *pouts*
ID	2	Mouth hurts
ID	2	@megshine: have fun focus grouping! i have no participants as of yet..
ID	3	Now that Hugh Laurie has mentioned he follows @stephenfry on twitter, thousands of idiots think this (@hughlaurie) is him. IDIOTS!
ID	2	@allureonfire I'm lookin @ the news and its not gonna b warm enough for the beach
ID	4	tryin not to fall asleep at work...
ID	2	.@jkmodels I missed your party...you must forgive me pleassse, i feel bad..
ID	4	My wife lost her sprint blackberry 8330 on a bike ride in AM.  Anyone have an extra BB laying around? retweet
ID	4	@QueenBofMakeup I need to do some more post but I don't have time on this tour  ........... Apologies to all my supporters.
ID	2	Its payday! Yay! For all the good it does. Bills bills bills....I'm broke again already
ID	4	@jvfriedman can't! need to work on overtime project at lunchtime.    Sorry!
ID	2	So tired. Work today.
ID	2	ok, i have to turn off all of my twitter device updates until i get a new battery. phone goes from fully charged to dead in about 5 hours
ID	2	i have high cholesterol
ID	3	@garageglamorous I agree, 'Paparazzi' waz an amazing vid, I luved it, but felt bad cuz it waz leaked &amp; I watched it
ID	3	Whoop! I got a prom date today! Who knew? Ha-ha! But I can't tell you who.
ID	2	Headed to verizon. Praying that pinkberry is going to make it.
ID	2	Back to the salt mine for my one day work week. So much to do.
ID	0	ive very picky about what i put in my mouth. i hate onions. they make me cry  )
ID	1	ive very picky about what i put in my mouth. i hate onions. they make me cry  )
ID	2	I have to pee (fucking coffee)  sooo long until break time. 77 more letters...what to write, what to write..oh, used them all up.
ID	2	LOL! That bank told me the time.
ID	2	@The_Vegetable me 2
ID	4	So now, I have conjunctivitis in my left eye. Is this a sign of something? What did I do wrong to deserve this?LOL I'm dying people!
ID	4	is very disappointed that cadbury chocolate blocks got smaller
ID	2	@hollsh I want to come over
ID	2	I'm nauseous  I need a yogurt or something..
ID	4	Hicks are mean!
ID	4	I miss my baby
ID	3	@conorp YES!!! one final party  better make it a good one !! how much mpre stuff you got to go?
ID	4	@myhaloromance My camera is brokennn
ID	2	I now know more than I ever wanted to know about the extinction of frogs
ID	4	@hippyofdoom I didn't even get a chance to shop @ Aldi!
ID	4	@bunburyette Come online! I need someone to talk to
ID	4	@Jenfidel Thanks I decided to just give up on my old HQ and go with this account. Scoundrels won
ID	2	I wanna leave after 2nd period *cryy*
ID	2	Really nice outside...I'm stuck at work
ID	2	Gardening stuff I ordered got returned to sender because it was damage  need to work out how to get to a garden centre.
ID	2	@chrisrcook Since the demise of Woolworths it isn't easy to find reasonably priced pick n mix anywhere
ID	0	in about half a hour i'm going to my english lesson...guess i'll have to wait...and wait for a couple hours so i'm over with it.(( :S   ))
ID	1	in about half a hour i'm going to my english lesson...guess i'll have to wait...and wait for a couple hours so i'm over with it.(( :S   ))
ID	2	thinks lamb chops would be really nice right about now... or maybe some sushi  mmm.. maybe just an ice lolly cos its so damn hot!!!
ID	4	My back is killing me. Stupid softball
ID	2	@DanKalbacher It won't EVER happen again...I feel like I let my team down
ID	3	tired and all i want to do is play random songs on my gitwar but i have to do my drama essay.
ID	3	@chickgonebad I have no text plan on my phone.    I'll send the #, though, you're more than welcome to call!
ID	2	@KarenEJones -dont know if u herd but queensland is havin it bad they have floods and in this weather, i want to help but i cant
ID	4	Again, I'm stuck in traffic jams ... Somewhat starting to be the same situation every day. That's sad, really
ID	4	Irony: Inventor of Ford Mustang can't keep his car   http://tinyurl.com/lpmvtk via @JeffHolton:
ID	2	@geskoi Sorry to hear.
ID	3	Fallen in love with enter shikari again. Might go for a walk with the lady later. @work now though
ID	0	This class is really long and I'm really getting hungry
ID	1	This class is really long and I'm really getting hungry
ID	2	Was meant to go play cricket but can't get a lift so I'm now stuck at home watching the Apprentice on a lovely day  http://ff.im/-3niD8
ID	4	@morethanfine I wish we could make a quick trip to LA in July  I miss LA
ID	4	@THE_WOCKEEZ @DonnieWahlberg Don't wanna miss ANY of your shows...you guys kick it! Sad to say...my plane is in the shop...
ID	2	My car died this morning.  On top of everything that happened yesterday.  Whoever put the hex on me please let me know what I did wrong?
ID	4	Conference call arranged for 4.30pm today just blew my leaving early out the window
ID	2	@freosan My dad had to bury ours six weeks ago. She became his after I left for college fourteen years ago. Long time to have a kitty.
ID	2	Gonna go and see my sister at Mount Sinai ....  she's there for at least another 24 hours.
ID	4	@AyeshaM13 bored in class. I wanna go home.
ID	2	Well, my dog still isn't at the shelter. I hope someone good has him
ID	2	@felipemercado are you still angry with me?
ID	2	@seth_cohen I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
ID	2	the plan to not spend money is not going well
ID	4	@Subville ...snuggles you back......everyones telling me to get over it ...but ive had her 15 years  x
ID	2	@tommcfly We're running out of things to tweet to you.  Wish we could get your reply! Come to the Philippines?  TWEEET!
ID	4	Why do you hurt me? Does it bring you joy to see me cry? You know I love you more then anything and yet u break my heart everyday!
ID	4	My feet are killing, I've walked miles in search of an art shop...doesn't seem like Ealing has one
ID	4	RIP to officer Edwards. May GOD continue to bless his family. What's up wit cops killing cops. Seen the same thing happen on &quot;The WIRE&quot;.
ID	3	Had a blood test today.   Wasn't too bad really. Needed to dash 2 Starbucks after to revive my spirits with a nice Iced latte &amp; a bun.Yum!
ID	3	@darrynstorm hey hey..i'm only finishing on the 10th of june
ID	2	@JackieTheGreat first of all i love your picture, PICTURE whore. &amp; the boyfriend???  JACKIE. FML. WHY HAVEN'T YOU EMBRACED THE PHONE &amp;
ID	3	really wanted to go to that gig tonight
ID	4	I want to see Drag Me to Hell. But I get the feeling none of my friends will go w/ me
ID	2	i feel like crap right now and i have one more month of school left  FML HARD
ID	0	GIVE A HATER A Hug ? Why would you do that? I don't like mwean people
ID	1	GIVE A HATER A Hug ? Why would you do that? I don't like mwean people
ID	2	Dangling belly rings are a bad investment...the cutest ones ALWAYS pop
ID	2	@143presents What time you close today? Is it the last day today or tmr? I may shed a tear
ID	2	@HeadHardHat  Sorry to read about your layoff.  I'll keep you in my thoughts.
ID	4	@agoodeye I am soooo disapoointed I couldn't make it  I will be there next time! Glad it was productive.
ID	2	@snipeyhead the there's confuse me
ID	2	@_supernatural_ http://twitpic.com/66l83 - I really miss her.
ID	2	would rather be with the bride doing last minute wedding stuff instead of being stuck behind a desk until 5.  Someday...
ID	2	Sometimes it hurts that pets cant talk back to us. What if they are in pain. How would they tell us.
ID	2	@ameeface  What's wrong with her?
ID	4	why does zero have to have thomas in it?
ID	4	@frazzel It wouldn't let me download it cos it said I'm the UK. I had a little cry.
ID	2	i got hurt helping my grandad cut the hedge.  &amp; i swear i have spiders all over me D: erugh xx
ID	4	Ahhh I'm engulfed in shooooes. Who told me to buy so maany damn shoes
ID	3	Fall out boy are in my year book. but only @petewentz
ID	2	my apple-mouse doesn't work on my shiny red coffee table...
ID	0	@trvsbrkr it's not working here
ID	1	@trvsbrkr it's not working here
ID	2	Learned a lesson the hard way. Lost my USB stick and backup was a month old
ID	4	@hummingbird604 yeah it can be tough some times..
ID	2	it's almost june and i'm bundled up because of this nasty ass weather! i just want to lay in the sun on the patio near the roses
ID	2	@HubUK wow thats impressive! luckily im not in rush but i feel for friends who aren't getting any younger but cant move house  tricky
ID	3	I finished @Melzer 's Zombie Chronicles a few days ago. It was bittersweet. Now I need something new for the gym
ID	2	@tommcfly My eyes are starting to hurt. So late. But must reach 200 updates due to tweets sent to youuuu! Philippines tour, pleeease?
ID	2	MY CAR IS ALMOST DEFINATELY GOING TO BE WRITTEN OFF! THE GARAGE RANG AND SAID THE WORK WILL COST 3K AND ITS UP TO THE INSURANCE CO
ID	4	Another day in jury duty.
ID	2	@JaredDouglas i'm still awake, coulnd't go back to sleep
ID	2	Sitting at work, waiting for this day to be over with. It is always Fridays that take forever. Wish the weekend would get here already.
ID	2	@natdcook hey you, honey bear! Don't goooooooo  puhleeezeee..
ID	3	@joycecherrier Awww. Don't mean to sound like an overgrown age 37 baby, but I'm still stick. Not as bad as yesterday, but still bad.
ID	3	@orangelight because the one I was having at that moment woke me up.
ID	2	@kevinwilliams yeah I guess so  it makes me very sad though becase the disc is scratched!
ID	2	got woken up early AGAIN  I kinda wana just chill today but there's so much to do!
ID	0	Stupid MSN It wont let me onnnn
ID	1	Stupid MSN It wont let me onnnn
ID	0	so disappointed with human kind   &quot;What's wrong with the world?&quot;  I have five girls in the garden, innocently enjoying the good weather...
ID	1	so disappointed with human kind   &quot;What's wrong with the world?&quot;  I have five girls in the garden, innocently enjoying the good weather...
ID	2	has toothache
ID	0	Working  god I hate it haha
ID	1	Working  god I hate it haha
ID	2	Feeling sick at stomach today
ID	4	is very upset to see carys and donna go today    miss you both hugely already!!! (Yes ok its only been like 3 hours) haaa..waaaah
ID	2	I woke up this morning thinking it is Saturday
ID	3	in park slope brooklyn working the bust photoshoot. this is so exciting! &amp;no more fever! but my tonsils are the size of golfballs
ID	2	@KMON3Y LOL well these girls didnt!!! And my girl made me tip the lady and she put her boobies in my face
ID	2	i am Marina and i sware to God i'll never again end up studying French till 2 o'clock at night EVER AGAIN...too much drama...sooo sleepy
ID	2	@JackieKessler  sad face.
ID	2	5 hours to go and no football again for me
ID	2	i need some serious cheering up
ID	3	Not feeling it 2day, just left the glasses on  peace and unity.
ID	0	@sarahchambers19 Ooo you is back!  Good time? and argh! It hurtssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!  Xx Hate headaches!
ID	1	@sarahchambers19 Ooo you is back!  Good time? and argh! It hurtssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!  Xx Hate headaches!
ID	4	is sitting at home wishing that i didnt have to work today. ask for it off and still have to work
ID	3	@jami_hirsch: Thanks for the follow! Wish I were out of my 9-5!   plan to open a shoppe in TC when the economy turns.
ID	4	I was so close into entering Pogue 's book today &quot; World according to twitter&quot; , yet now I seem so far.!!!!!!!!!!!!
ID	4	On the road again. I miss my traveling traveling partner
ID	2	@KingsOfLeon_Grl very excited, although her train is going to be delayed
ID	2	sad day*Lakers please make me happy with a W
ID	2	No school, again. This time cuz im sick.
ID	3	@handlewithcare  Nice start to the holiday!
ID	2	I need a bigger mp3 player... even if it pains me to say it
ID	2	@humbug83 Aaaaw no!  Are the windows open and that?
ID	3	No one talk to me anymore on here
ID	4	i wish i could go to meet in the middle tomorrow.
ID	2	@vegangirlzrock I finally figured it out! I felt bad canc. group but  just wanted to take meds and do nothing. Back still hurts  .
ID	2	is super stressed!
ID	2	is sad to go to work cuz it's TermiNeda's last day...and little monkey's last day too
ID	3	TGIF!! Its a GORGEOUS day in Reno today. And I'm stuck inside.
ID	2	Rickroll'd by iTunes on shuffle
ID	0	fuck you ipod for freezing when i need you most
ID	1	fuck you ipod for freezing when i need you most
ID	3	@emILLyschwindt thanks lady.... bummer for sure.
ID	2	My student just walked in balling.  She just witnessed her dog getting hit on the street.  I don't know what to do to cheer her up.
ID	4	@GatorsNow my feelings are hurt
ID	2	missing him so much. why does he have to work  can't he just spend time with me and get paid for that lol
ID	4	Oh man....my fiance just got off work and I start mine in 1 hour....so not fair.....
ID	2	waiting for minami, then london and cobra. i'm going to miss her loads
ID	2	i just want my car back.
ID	2	@MelanieDawn Forgot about the traffic  Heading to Foxford in Mayo and the lovely Pontoon tomorrow
ID	2	Woke up.. Walked out of my room, and a bug flew in my eye
ID	2	And I wanted us to leave at 12:45 to do a 1 p.m. showing (staff retreat mini)
ID	3	at work  then back to my baby's house
ID	2	Turned my alarm off this morning because I thought it was Saturday. Had to rush to get ready for work because its def not Saturday   #FAIL
ID	0	@daisyamy me too i hate revision
ID	1	@daisyamy me too i hate revision
ID	4	@Lizzidoll I wish I was in va too
ID	2	My puppys not feeling so good today
ID	2	Has anyone else woken up one day and felt like they acquired near sightedness over night?  Everything is blurry all of a sudden.
ID	4	@MikeandBobShow   Awww, that wasn't very nice.
ID	4	Frank from UPS' last day today...  sad to see him go   best delivery guy EVER!  Hope the new guy is NOT a fucktard...
ID	3	Dont worry babe
ID	4	@jacobmaestas I don't think I'll ever have one of those again
ID	2	@MargaretEnright YES!! I made the sign when i noticed it missing on Sunday! So far, no luck... It's now Unlucky Japanese Cat...
ID	0	@Cheapflights_uk  o2 - train from Bristol to London. It's terrible - and no wifi
ID	1	@Cheapflights_uk  o2 - train from Bristol to London. It's terrible - and no wifi
ID	2	that just sucks!
ID	4	@wethehunter there is no sun here in florida..it's all rainy and cloudy.
ID	4	its so sad when the dad dies  hakuna matana it means no worries for...
ID	2	is it normal for a masseusse to fully massage your buttocks? I swear she was a quarter inch from a medical exam..
ID	2	@athoob the lens was 70mm  I couldn't
ID	2	Got an appt. w/ the doctor at 4pm today to look at these &quot;bites&quot;. Hoping it isn't an infection. I need more powerful anti-itch cream.
ID	3	Visit 2  La Ventana de los Cielos foundation was pushed bck 2 weeks,  was so excited 2 go &amp; meet the kids. I'll have 2 wait another 2 wks
ID	3	Picking up a couple toys tonight! D300 and 50mm f/1.4! YAY!! :-D Just for the weekend though
ID	2	Didn't sleep good last night. Woke up with another bellyache  what's wrong with meeeeeee.
ID	3	@HeshieSegal haha I was JUST talking about that to my colleague. I have 539 DMs, only 15 - 20 are actual messages and not spam
ID	3	@ArtOfCarbo Surely you knew this before hand? A good book or a hand held has to be essential. Just no PSPs unless you have a charger.
ID	4	@_supernatural_ http://twitpic.com/6695k - Awwww poor boys! *cries* So sad..
ID	4	@andyjih Yep...sadly I only had 10 min before a meeting!
ID	3	@rachaely57 Yes! Haha and then when he impaled himself with the crossed keys!  Love Scottish-trying-to-be-Irish Ewan McGregor
ID	3	Off to work
ID	3	is thinking WOW I survived Freshman year...Mission Accomplished...Now Sophomore year
ID	2	Ouch, my back. Man I'm sick
ID	2	No theatre next year  stupid schedules!
ID	2	@MaXXXimumMyra I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
ID	0	@Katt53 no news on the kid. They can't find the parent!
ID	1	@Katt53 no news on the kid. They can't find the parent!
ID	3	is in class, trying to listen but I really like twitter, facebook, .&amp; myspace  oh yeaaah .&amp; I'm hungry!
ID	2	My shirt is a fuzz magnet today and I feel totally uncomfortable
ID	2	Art History Quiz...  I didn't study
ID	2	@CharPower  I gave up cable in these tough economic times.  it was either cable or shoes, and you know what cable lost
ID	4	@ohitsbigron Dang... that IS disappointing
ID	3	Wicked, my DVB-S tuner card has arrived. Although not sure I'll be able to get it all set up ready for the FA Cup final tomorrow
ID	0	stupid HIP!! I hate you!! And I can't even break in my new kicks!!!  GRRRR!
ID	1	stupid HIP!! I hate you!! And I can't even break in my new kicks!!!  GRRRR!
ID	4	TGIF.,..i wish that saying applied to me, but i work Saturdays
ID	2	@ameliapontes getting there sat afternoon I think. No costume yet  womp wompppppp
ID	3	@epiphanygirl Wish I was in Dallas.. Can I still say ow!? lol Hey... u spelled my name wrong  It's all good. Thanks for #FF love
ID	2	@Petrolhead159 Unfortunately I didn't see any of that spreading of poo
ID	2	Woo, Hulu Desktop! My poor Mac is kinda struggling with it though, poor little Core Duo just can't keep up
ID	2	why are matters of the heart so complicated?
ID	3	My son had surgery yesterday so mommy and son time won't be as long today
ID	2	Words can barely describe how shitty I feel this morning. Work, then driving to Madison to play Discotech. Driving alone
ID	4	damn i miss my bf
ID	0	@RobbiedaKid no I was too slow  I hate getting the trailhead then not getting in.
ID	1	@RobbiedaKid no I was too slow  I hate getting the trailhead then not getting in.
ID	2	@elizabite  I'm so sorry.  I don't understand why some people expect everyone to react to these things with the same &quot;poise&quot; as themselves
ID	2	@carolkoh Sorry to hear that Carol.
ID	4	@THE_WOCKEEZ I'm missin u guys by a day!! Ill b there tomorrow  butttt see u june 18th with the blockkkkk!!!!
ID	2	@CheeHsien IT WAS JAM ALL OVER THE ISLAND! Till I'm havin migraine now!
ID	2	I've gotten a cold every time I've flown somewhere 6+ hrs away in the past year.  Hope to be back in the pool/on the bike next week.
ID	2	@craftyasparagus And.. it's raining here
ID	2	@EFCuttin so where r u spinning now that the Hookah is R.I.P.?
ID	2	@socilover awww...busy day for you then! I have to get my Big Mac ass outta here...Work beckons  I'll talk to you later.
ID	3	@VAustralia flew Brisbane - Lax today.  Great flight.  Love the lights.  Shame about one drink limit though!
ID	2	@gonepie thats what doting husbands are for LOL!!  I hope that once my braces go on, I can eat normally again
ID	4	@anomalei Well, I'm glad I'm not the only one! Mine's so bad I'm having to resort to pulling out the old hairband disguises...
ID	0	just thought about how unfair 3 ppl have been 2 me n got depressed again  HATERS!!!
ID	1	just thought about how unfair 3 ppl have been 2 me n got depressed again  HATERS!!!
ID	2	Have a slight headache
ID	2	@zzwhitejd did you decide it is a sprain? mine has been bothering me again, but never had it checked out
ID	2	stuck at home b/c my mom is sick and we haz not moniez
ID	2	@crapsticks how do i make it better after being robbed of 1m.
ID	2	@mikebugout Nooooo!  Working this weekend
ID	3	Up and at em... got a big To Do List for today, and hubby has to work   But then weekend is going to be just us... I think!
ID	3	@katiesol It re-entered my brain orbit thanks to me watching Ryan Reynolds mugging away in &quot;Just Friends&quot; recently
ID	4	I'm going to stop tweeting and do my LSAT studying now.
ID	4	@glamorousamanda I wish i could have a pole, we got no space for it  maybe i should throw out some furniture and get a pole
ID	4	what am I going to do without my @brandinmusic?!  SKYPE! haha
ID	4	I miss my Jeep  Now I have to bum a ride to the dreaded, horrid Walmart. Boo.
ID	4	Damn fallout 3 is a hard game
ID	2	one of my cat's is sick
ID	0	A thursday. Is that REALLY necessary @jonasbrothers ? Have u ever heard of school and horrible mums
ID	1	A thursday. Is that REALLY necessary @jonasbrothers ? Have u ever heard of school and horrible mums
ID	4	@LiamJHayter  Chroma Key coolness ... When are the cumulus seminars going online couldn't see the live feed here
ID	4	@freecitysoul my film didn't come out  the camera was broken. lamesauce.
ID	3	I'm super hungry! Waiting for my biotch to feed me.
ID	4	@lifeasiceyit Yessum.  We'll see how this year goes... maybe I can head back in Oct, when the rates go down. I wanted to go for my bday
ID	4	I think I'm about to break my own heart. (as emo as that sounds)... meh.
ID	4	dammit i cant watch stadium music
ID	3	Just got in a nasty argument with someone I normally like very much.  She doesn't forgive well, either
ID	0	We waste way too much paper @ the office... for nothing worthy, that almost disgust me
ID	1	We waste way too much paper @ the office... for nothing worthy, that almost disgust me
ID	3	@kweenie Are you in Galbladia Garden? That shit is hard.
ID	3	Just chillin'.. I'm a bit bored boohoo  !
ID	4	Laying in bed sore and snuggeling domino... I don't wanna work out today
ID	4	@Jo_Saunders09 haha lol where have you been going?...I haven't really been out lol..I've been a hobbit..n my mums like keep revisin beck
ID	3	@tommcfly Would love it if you guys toured here, really! Philippines tour?
ID	4	It's raining  I can't go out to jogging... I have to do it in my house gym...
ID	4	thought I was going to have a fun day
ID	3	@dreamobscene I know how you feel  Have a lovely relaxing weekend!
ID	4	Felt one tooth without the braces bracket. I got soooo hype
ID	2	I'm so disgusted that my assumptions regarding what happened in Harlem last night were 100% correct without reading the story first.
ID	2	@AshyLBowz - OH FOA REAL.? I DIDNT REALLY KEEP UP WITH WHAT WAS GOING ON. TOO MANY DIFF STORYS N STUFF HEY.  WISH HE NEVA DID IT!
ID	2	My poor wife.  I'm laid up for another 6 hours on doctors orders, then can't do much and she is dealing with screaming baby
ID	3	@LizzieCoulter oh dear. (I'm sorry, but i laughed  )
ID	3	@aidadoll he thinks he's a gangsterrr  his ass don't even fit in G Unit. &amp; I know :| )))))
ID	3	@dooce I don't. I hope it takes them a good long while to recover.
ID	4	this phyllis hyman unsung story is so SAD
ID	2	dear @LincolnT a)stop snoring and b) move from the middle of the bed, please.
ID	3	@MisterDiggler we told you guys!   we are just going for a while to get our passes then we are going to see UP downtown disney! Yay!
ID	2	Moving makes me sore.  Dunno if we are gonna make it!   Its getting close!
ID	2	now i am doing the MicroEconomics project  ihate this subject &amp; beside that i have the english ILETS exam tomorrow, waaa ,HELP !!
ID	2	my shoes hurt my feet
ID	2	Loving the warm weather... but can we get some rain please?! my water bill is going to be bad
ID	4	at work with a HUGE headache
ID	3	This is my anthem right now.... don't leave me high and dry.  ? http://blip.fm/~79fcr
ID	4	i feel like shit
ID	4	@maximillian62 Oh dear... that's just... disturbing.   The coffee connoisseur in me just died a little.
ID	3	@_Enigma__ OMG daon't tell me you have watched twilight enuff to know that !!
ID	2	@linkdupont yeah  That was bad....
ID	4	Got people don't let me skip sci pratical becos skola is impt and dont waste my parents money.  Nt fair.
ID	3	Woot. just had my interview! went awsome! I didn't get to talk with Mr. Johnny thought...  oh well I still did really good!
ID	4	my knees are sore after physio
ID	2	I hate having to put my toddler in a disposable, but her rash needs ointment. I hate her having a rash even worse.
ID	0	im tweeting... this is so hard... i dont get it...
ID	1	im tweeting... this is so hard... i dont get it...
ID	4	My coffee got cold blah!
ID	0	@Cyhwuhx You look nothing like your Twitter avatar!
ID	1	@Cyhwuhx You look nothing like your Twitter avatar!
ID	4	i lost my phone.
ID	4	Why Does She Keep Trying To Hurt Me? Aren't The Tears I've Cried In The Past Few Months Enough?
ID	4	it is always sunny on days when i can't possible be outside.  life is out to get me
ID	2	..Get Over On His Mom &amp; Now I Feel Horrible, He Must Think I am.  That's Not What I Meant. Just Thought It'd Be Better Than The Brunt.
ID	2	@AraTheCoach. Really I look like a boy!!! I need someone to do my hair!
ID	2	14 more days with slow internet
ID	3	OMGoodness back to school soon FUN!
ID	2	@tommcfly Will we be seeing McFly in the Philippines soon?
ID	4	@_katieedwards I can't yet back, I've run out of texts!  I'll ring you laters xoxo
ID	2	Tired with a headache  me no like sunshine
ID	4	@ingek73 I'm on blip but can't get it to work on me iPhone
ID	4	Got people don't let me skip sci pratical becos skola is impt and cannot waste my parents money.  Nt fair.
ID	3	Listening to Music Box.  When Mariah could still sing
ID	2	died again in KP  .. gonna upgrade some of my spells now first before heading back there... #eq2
ID	0	hate living down here in fl. missing GA like crazy...like they say you dont know what you got till its gone  GA on my mind
ID	1	hate living down here in fl. missing GA like crazy...like they say you dont know what you got till its gone  GA on my mind
ID	3	Managed to finally get through to someone who had left a message earlier today. Old dog already put to sleep
ID	3	Finally on my way home
ID	3	crap. have to break my &quot;no work in weekend&quot; rule  so much overloaded with work. aargh, hate it!
ID	2	YM, meebo &amp; ebuddy really hate us  @kuhrabbyPATTY @whatsuppp @ashpolicarpio @cheyennelaxa @piaatrinidad
ID	2	I'm going to miss the seniors so much!  Don't goo!
ID	2	Poor Nicole just absolutely DESTROYED her cell phone
ID	2	I was on time three shifts in a row.  but I woke up at 840 and work's at 9. five minutes late, ugh! -_-
ID	2	@djknucklehead im listening to people saying eww at out current frog disection  poor froggy.
ID	3	Finished Breaking Dawn last night. I managed to finish those 800 pages in 3 days. It was so good! I'm sad that I'm done w/ Twilight Saga
ID	4	Awww sunthings wrong w/ my ubertwitter last nite.
ID	4	am about to sell my Medieval trading pavillion... v sad
ID	2	I REALLY  should have gone to the Chiropractor this week . . And today  my neck hurts so bad
ID	4	Ordered a new computer! Unfortunately it won't get here until the end of June.
ID	4	Two dozen roses sent  overnight and delivered this morning. Just found out the recipient is out of town!! Sad
ID	3	Don't you hate it when you're left with one slice of bread left in the bag? Half sandwich.
ID	3	I get to drive my dad to the airport so he can fly to Vegas for the WSOP... I wanna go to Vegas...
ID	2	.. these holidays are soo boring..
ID	4	Ewww just printed my new I.d badge thingie 4 work n eww my picture. I took so many n they were all ugly
ID	3	just about to say goodbye to @karenbrady and @agneslikaite two of the best interns that Elevate have ever had
ID	0	i have geographie next  and I HATE IT!!!!!!!
ID	1	i have geographie next  and I HATE IT!!!!!!!
ID	2	Is wondering if my ankle will ever stop hurting
ID	2	I guess this is soul searching time for me since I'm home alone &amp; no one's talking to me
ID	4	@godiegogo12 well atm anyway i'm only managing cos i have no musical talent ps horrible thing to say bout rove
ID	3	has two tickets to Amadou and Miriam for Tue. June 2 that I can't use  $25 each to anyone who wants 'em. That's face value. Should be good
ID	3	This week flew by.  Want to go see Up soooo badly this weekend!
ID	2	This really hurts. And this really sucks. I don't know what I can do to fix all this, seriously.
ID	2	I forgot to put on sunblock before getting in the car
ID	2	@waynooooo I always hope they will die out but then i see the the old ones and it makes me sad
ID	2	I didn't go to the gym today and I feel bad
ID	2	i guessed my leg havent healed from the old injuries  but i can still run though and kick ball! haha. but will sometimes fell a sharp pain
ID	4	@mileycyrus yeah me too  but there isnt any prom here in germany although school is almost everywhere the same! ?
ID	2	PayPal hates me.  It refuses to let me verify my account.
ID	2	has at least 30 bug bites on her legs
ID	2	the commies at their finest: youtube and blogger are blocked in china. no updates from us while we are in china.  but GREAT WALL CONQUERED
ID	4	@JinxCat I have been failing at cooking lately  makin me sad. Duno how to cook for less than an army. I need to practice flour tortillas.
ID	2	@MGGubler Sounds painful   Sorry you got hurt.. And may I ask how this happen?
ID	4	I need to get back into daily tweeting. This hiatus sucks  What also sucks is GSN interrupting shows while they're airing. &gt;_&lt;
ID	4	god opened the clouds and said i hate you josh
ID	2	@frenchiep Hi frenchie *-* i'll do that...later  :p
ID	2	@kdc well there go my peace corps prospects.
ID	2	@Lipstick_kiss I can't find it on YouTube   only the concert versions....HELP!!!
ID	3	@mommyto6kids oh great.
ID	2	Forgot how much i hate pizza delivery and manalapan and marlboro scum
ID	4	@autismvox for me they're not
ID	4	omfg, my head
ID	4	My job sucks!!!
ID	4	@jodywhitesides So sorry I missed it!
ID	0	I hate that I am so stinkin tired everyday!  It's so hard to get up...I thought I was supposed to start getting energy back now.
ID	1	I hate that I am so stinkin tired everyday!  It's so hard to get up...I thought I was supposed to start getting energy back now.
ID	2	I think I might like Twiterfon better than Tweetie now. Recent upgrades from Twiterfon have been great! None from Tweetie
ID	3	@tiyephoenix I have to DJ 2 gigs on 6/20. no bk hh fest for me  so please keep me posted on live dates
ID	4	Busy day! No time to tweet  Bmore what's happening this weekend?
ID	2	@brookstuh am I not good enough
ID	4	missss my friends and plav  time for a long day of work hahah
ID	4	so so tired..
ID	2	Michael Porter is haunting me again. Ugh. The five forces. But I don't remember the other 9 strategies for competitive advantage.
ID	4	@judez_xo they were so pretty and took like an hour to do  CAN I DO URSSSSS!
ID	0	fuck you tony
ID	1	fuck you tony
ID	4	@ghostexecutive Bummer   was going to try and make it/ other commitments I'm afraid got into the way.  Next time hopefully-
ID	3	@iphonegirl totally! except we can't ride on the sidewalk like when we were kids.  a lot more safe than on the road with crazy drivers.
ID	3	i hope i can find a store to take us
ID	4	is tired and sad
ID	3	@robgokeemusic shopping is therapuetic and i'm all about bettering myself... i need financing for my therapy however
ID	3	looks like another sober weekend ahead...
ID	2	@Jonin60seconds tried to edit the page but couldn't add my name  can you pop me on the list please!
ID	2	@kathypak  that's not good
ID	4	@Yurges loadsa shizze has happend  IM SO UPSET..
ID	4	why does my life suck?
ID	3	@Leikela4 glad its nice there. Gray skies and rainy in wisconsin.
ID	0	Is waiting, yet again. please, just let this to be over
ID	1	Is waiting, yet again. please, just let this to be over
ID	4	UGH! Poor Beautiful Girl. Went in for new tires and inspection sticker. Now there's a $590 repair and still no tires.
ID	2	@Jerome117 that and being so careless with her vocals.
ID	4	FreeSat's coverage (Sky dish) is really, really bad at the moment, blocks all over the place, really annoying!
ID	2	Irritated that I can send emails but not receive them!
ID	4	My computer died
ID	4	Conference call with HP.  They gave me an invalid pass code so I can't attend
ID	4	@DaneFiori The thought of splitting the estate is depressing of course! (KIDDING!) I don't like the thought of my parents dying
ID	4	@Flickie I'm dead bored. but also dead poor! Student life is a piss take!
ID	3	has been playing Guitar hero to let of some steam..  you see.. Mr Unreliable has striked again!  not funny
ID	4	Massive headache
ID	3	It's Friday!!!!....and the sun is out....but I'm working inside.
ID	2	My head's THUMPING.
ID	2	I hate Fallout 3 it keeps making me jump, I'm also low on health, money, ammo and food  don't worry I'll get through it.
ID	4	So annoyed I missed Mitch Benn @ Lemon Tree. damn you What's On!
ID	4	oh no! I just crashed my ball pump
ID	2	@ll217 its true...i can never be like @CDO_Bambu never
ID	0	Open office &quot;writer&quot; is weird. I need Word to open word documents correctly
ID	1	Open office &quot;writer&quot; is weird. I need Word to open word documents correctly
ID	3	oh noes, my puma hoodie is coming apart  i love this thing!
ID	4	Wish we had a garden so we could have a bbq tonight...  might set up a lounge bbq type thing, that'll work. #fridayfirehazzard
ID	2	sad day... told my students this is my last year here... a lot of crying since..
ID	2	Slovakian country side is a refreshing change compared to tarmac and cars, but I am a city boy and need the tarmac
ID	4	@brittanytastic aww  that's horrible! xD
ID	2	@penbleth Don't leave forever! We'll miss you too much
ID	4	OH. I am just so tired.
ID	3	@DAC1MM don't know yet.. no word...   hopeful though!! and some good stuff happening lately so I'm getting excited!
ID	2	I thought I was safe from the INJECTIONS today, only to find out my Mom will be the one who'll inject me with vaccine. HELP!
ID	4	My poor phone is nekkid without its cover.
ID	2	According to @momsrising, a quarter of families under six live in poverty.
ID	2	@badlady Think of the prize at the end. So sorry to hear that though.
ID	3	i realy wanted to go out cause its so nice but everybodys busy
ID	2	Don't you just hate when you are craving something to eat and then you go get it and end up DISAPPOINTED? Ugh.....
ID	2	@lauralalahh I'm so sorry!! I hope she's ok  xxx
ID	2	I'm always a little sad to see followers I really like, decide to unfollow me.
ID	3	@claireyjonesy mines curly atm  i want mine to be straight lmao
ID	3	Just got up. Need to leave for class in a hour.
ID	4	Well thats that then. Exam failed and bsc gone
ID	4	@ecorazzi Grrr, people suck. I cry when animals die on nature shows.  These people are sick. No hunting endangered species!
ID	2	ARCHIE ANDREWS WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?! veronica?
ID	2	Have hardly worked out in the last two weeks but am losing weight.  Fear I'm losing muscle!!  Just made doc. appt. for injured foot
ID	2	I just saw a load of ambulances &amp; police cars &amp; a car smashed up with a roof lying in the road.  :&quot;(  that's 1 man dead 4 sure.    .
ID	2	According to @momsrising, a quarter of families with children under six live in poverty.
ID	4	@AnnieAreYouOhK No, it's annoying and makes us girls that follow sports and are knowledgable look dumb
ID	2	@jimmiefisher i'm having a hard time using hulu  have u heard of anyone having problems that uses windows vista?
ID	2	@inoverflow I need to cancel my appt for 1 have to be home from1-5 for washing machine repair man can I do on the am? So sorry
ID	3	Awww the boys have no beards?    I LIKED THEIR MANLY MAN-NESS [via @zepinklady] #asylm
ID	2	@JeanetteBern Sorry JJ i missed that post  I'll make sure do so next time.
ID	2	half my class just called me retarded it hurt for real
ID	2	Yay playing a show tonight! Boo it's gonna soggy and I'm at work right before playing
ID	2	RIP Omar Edwards - Killed by friendly fire in NYC   http://bit.ly/jrM6v
ID	3	@DJClicheDarknes I haven't had a good homemade flour tortilla in ages.
ID	2	i know im wrong .. just give me one more chance   sEnti .. :]
ID	3	@manderbeth aw, no! feel better Mandy! Hope you aren't getting sick  At least we know a nurse, hehe!
ID	2	@aidadoll LMAAAOOOOO that is horrible. Poor thing
ID	0	Shower. Then back to bed. So sick still.
ID	1	Shower. Then back to bed. So sick still.
ID	4	Everything is annoying me today
ID	0	Weather sucks. APUSH filming has become a maybe  At least banquet is tonight
ID	1	Weather sucks. APUSH filming has become a maybe  At least banquet is tonight
ID	2	@DermotCarmody cheers mate, still getting over Wednesday  You ok? You should be, you are an incredibly wealthy man
ID	2	hateeee history of rock!
ID	2	hand hurts
ID	4	@Alice286 lucky girl!!! I work all day tomorrow! and maybe even Monday!!
ID	2	Kinda bummed that I'm gonna miss @mrosenbaum711's return to BG. Now I'll never know what it's like to make love to @james_gunn.
ID	2	@handlewithcare Awww mate. that's such a shitter
ID	2	@JamAndHoney and it never arrived. have to wait until Monday now
ID	4	I need some cheering up
ID	2	Ugh I'm so sleepy  I think I'm still kinda sick
ID	2	Venus Williams is having a horrible day at the office
ID	4	soo tired.. still kinda angry that i missed the concert
ID	4	Stupid competition stuff keeps getting in the way  But I am going to get some words in today if it kills me   @heather_writes
ID	4	leaving now  off to get my angry teethed pulled....
ID	2	Wasabi is recovering from surgery  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6121231
ID	3	@tommcfly It's 12AM! @buonotomato, @bluejeriberry and I are still up, sending you as much tweets as we can! Philippines tour please?
ID	4	@Disney_Dreaming what?! miley's gonna quit hannah montana?...i don't wanna believe it!
ID	2	Waiting for the sun to come back! School called, Joey has a sore throat  I WANT SUMMER!! ..off to make some lunch. LOVE TO ALLLLLLLLLLLLL!
ID	0	im grounded tonight  i hate stupid silent mode
ID	1	im grounded tonight  i hate stupid silent mode
ID	0	Then back to fucking school
ID	1	Then back to fucking school
ID	4	@Nisher Yeah yeah? How the heck are you anyway? Sastch it up again this year? I had to bail out for lack of expenses
ID	2	Oh boy this is going to be a loooooong day
ID	2	1 more goal, Gila!! But his last game is against milan. Dillematic 4 me
ID	2	Guess I'll be running in a little bit. Accidentally fell asleep
ID	3	I've got sunburnt knees... it's funny now, but I bet they'll sting later   Had a fab day though  x
ID	3	Ok, I'm going outside...wish i was playing basketball  oh well...
ID	0	@ThePaul it's a modded 360, so you can't send it back?  That Red Ring of Death sucks!  It took weeks to get mine back from Microsoft.
ID	1	@ThePaul it's a modded 360, so you can't send it back?  That Red Ring of Death sucks!  It took weeks to get mine back from Microsoft.
ID	2	@IconsRobg My Denny's shut down in the winter.  I have to do 50 miles to get to one now.
ID	4	crying real tears
ID	4	No launch today. Teacher changed plans and we watched a stupid move about tesla
ID	3	Countdown to launch! June 2nd is oh so temptingly close ... If only my lovely puter weren't so faaaaar away
ID	4	my blow torch has broken  this is a REAL bummer
ID	4	@Spiffums I wasn't near him.
ID	2	So yeah, things aren't going so well for me. I'm getting to feel like I haven't felt in a long, long time.
ID	2	getting ready, waiting for cor, picking up josh, movies &amp; out to dinner - then trailer perhaps? baccck to work tomorrow
ID	0	My new car is already giving me problems  That cant be a good sign.
ID	1	My new car is already giving me problems  That cant be a good sign.
ID	2	forgot my lunch and no one else is ordering stuff  boooooo!
ID	3	@BADnurse09 that's great! i was never so good at the jump roping...
ID	2	Hmm... the new sports catalog and card jitsu updates are not appearing for me
ID	2	Soo tired, couldn't get enough sleep
ID	2	On the monday, so i wont be able to be with you!  i love you
ID	2	Going home... with sore #eyes
ID	2	@SheGotItSheBadd i've been up most of what normal ppl consider the night.  no problem going to sleep but nightmares been waking me up.
ID	2	the day i was planing on doing my work, i havent ...... i leave everything to the last minuet ...
ID	4	My TI89 died. I don't know why.
ID	4	So sad I'm going to miss seeing Pennywise again this year
ID	2	one of the estate agents next door just caught me singing along to wham
ID	3	@Sak_Pase I guess u ain like me den.. My hair cut short..  lol
ID	3	@ChrisandCal Thats soooo pretty. Mine havnt flowered for years
ID	3	@VarrenAKABabyV oh no not difficult. It's just nuts that's how you have to market yourselves on home turf
ID	2	@nickcres ive tried to, and nothing has worked. i dont think he's all that bothered *sigh*
ID	2	@THE_WOCKEEZ i wish i can go. But i'm not in US
ID	3	@tommcfly I need to watch Star Trek
ID	0	@t0ns:  nou moe... stomme banken/crisis shit :S
ID	1	@t0ns:  nou moe... stomme banken/crisis shit :S
ID	3	@Spitphyre well good luck with #twpp in an hours time i think i will be on my way home  have fun!
ID	3	@Novaw0lf damnit i didn't  but neither did you so win!
ID	2	@chriss_yst so u are very burnt  sorry back or front burnt?
ID	4	@thejiggerjames  not the same.. Can we party tonight jig
ID	2	@AFCEAHelen If I end up working in DC, GMU is on my &quot;short list&quot; for Masters No. 2. Started Sys Eng program in the 90's; never finished.
ID	0	@CapAtomyc That link isn't working for me for some reason
ID	1	@CapAtomyc That link isn't working for me for some reason
ID	2	Trying to get some work done not too happy about work situation
ID	4	Hates moving
ID	4	sooooo, i just dropped my phone.  don't text or tweet me, i'm currently banging my face against a spike covered poison ivy infested wall.
ID	3	@HiHillaryyy have fun
ID	4	Missin my boo
ID	0	Just dropped my sistah off @ lax.    #fb
ID	1	Just dropped my sistah off @ lax.    #fb
ID	2	Sitting on the decking reading psychology notes with my ipod and my dog. It's far too warm
ID	4	Murray just got broken
ID	0	@huma_rashid reeeaaaally... why though??  ew i hate stockings
ID	1	@huma_rashid reeeaaaally... why though??  ew i hate stockings
ID	2	@northernpest DID YOU GO? was it good, i was in center parcs  who else went!? xxxxxxx
ID	2	UNC budget  cuts may rise to 18%   http://tinyurl.com/mdm5tp
ID	4	is enjoying a yummy salad, but missing her avocado  that's what happens when your husband does the grocery shop.
ID	3	really want to go to the nets
ID	3	[stapler haiku] Whar a Night! Woo Hoo! Yeah! / A beautiful night to party! / Oops, I'm a stapler...
ID	3	missing @ikewii lol. plaid bud. haha. damn i can't do the BG right.
ID	0	has not finished the bio mols mind map  stupid sheet hid sections from me on the back!
ID	1	has not finished the bio mols mind map  stupid sheet hid sections from me on the back!
ID	2	I killed my dill plant again. Why does this happen with dill? It is doing great then suddenly it's dead. http://tinyurl.com/mlh4f5
ID	0	So booooored  I learned this though! ????????
ID	1	So booooored  I learned this though! ????????
ID	3	time for work!
ID	2	Traded her iPod for my brother`s cellphone. My phone died, e
ID	2	It's 82 degrees and gorgeous out.. And I'm stuck in the library because I have a midterm in 2 hours.. so lame!!
ID	4	@roxeecruz ur linky no worky
ID	2	Sad to be leaving so soon
ID	2	I feel like shit cause I couldnt sleep last night and went to sleep at 320 n bk up at 6  soooo tired!!!
ID	2	@PochaccoYoly well, I took it in early '00, graduated in '01. we were the final stage guinea pigs  it seriously is a waste of time.
ID	0	Worst day ever. And its only noon.
ID	1	Worst day ever. And its only noon.
ID	4	listening through the Mendeed discog once again. I still think their disbanding is a loss.  #metal
ID	4	My friends are mocking my weekend!  @JamesPMacDonald have they been talking to you?
ID	0	i want a ghd straightener but the shipping costs 50 pounds? NO DEAL!
ID	1	i want a ghd straightener but the shipping costs 50 pounds? NO DEAL!
ID	2	fuck awake at 2 am !  i hate sickness
ID	2	Pulled in all directions and not knowing where to go
ID	2	Having real bad headache..
ID	2	@KillzoneDotCom WHY?
ID	2	Fuccin bacc hurts now. Just dragged the long blocc on a piece of wood. From the corner to in my garage.
ID	2	@JaneHungOz hope the presentation went well today?! tweet me if yr on campus tomorrow - I'll be around from lunch time onwards
ID	4	you wanna know what's worse... my coworker just brewed a fresh cup of coffee and all I can think about is bacon
ID	0	@thenk83 I've been waiting about the same time to get in, its whenever they feel like it...
ID	1	@thenk83 I've been waiting about the same time to get in, its whenever they feel like it...
ID	0	Son of a bitch...my media thing that streams music from home isn't working again  Why can't itunes play music from my iphone
ID	1	Son of a bitch...my media thing that streams music from home isn't working again  Why can't itunes play music from my iphone
ID	2	@Running5k2day Oh no! Hope it's not as bad as it sounds!
ID	4	@TysonDueck Too bad.
ID	2	Just found out my Abuelo in Aguadilla is not doing well
ID	3	@tommcfly Do a tour in the Philippines sometime.  A lot of fans here would really love that!
ID	3	@INTYCEYOU hey love whats up! my voice is shot  whats new with you
ID	2	Trying to get this swimmer's ear to go away!!
ID	3	i'm under 100 followers again  gosh darn. good mood atm. might have a bbq later. heat waaaave &lt;3
ID	4	@thodwris RIP Michael
ID	2	Exams are kinda near. Just a week more. 2 Projects yet to be submitted  and almost failing in one of the subjects. May ALLAH save me
ID	0	@AnnieOleary its not a starfleet one  its not even a romulin one  its like the random one i dont remember ha. and you cant wear it! lame
ID	1	@AnnieOleary its not a starfleet one  its not even a romulin one  its like the random one i dont remember ha. and you cant wear it! lame
ID	2	OMG IM IN SUCH A BAD MOOD 2DAY   wats ppl doin2nite?
ID	3	Straighening my hair and its not going as straight as i want it to be what a  bummerrr for me
ID	3	@josemarques I don't feel like having to reboot  If only OSX supported Hibernate &amp; Reboot in Bootcamp... -.-
ID	2	last school day tomorrow! it was the funnest day ever. BUt also really sad  Righ ow I'm getting ready to go to Moab with Phil!!!
ID	4	Oww. Can't even describe how much my back hurts. Going to have to go to the stupid doctor.
ID	4	@MynameisDon I ALWAYS miss out! I wont be able to commence in the foolishness til' the fall  But come fall I'll be visiting!! YAY!!
ID	4	Aaaaahhhh.... Friday!!!! but.......     Funeral at 5
ID	0	@WhitPR lol... i've been in Bk for over a year... going on 2 and u haven't come yet!!!
ID	1	@WhitPR lol... i've been in Bk for over a year... going on 2 and u haven't come yet!!!
ID	0	I told andrew that JT is going to cameo @ MTV movie awards. He said, &quot;he's pissing me off.&quot; guess they're in a fight
ID	1	I told andrew that JT is going to cameo @ MTV movie awards. He said, &quot;he's pissing me off.&quot; guess they're in a fight
ID	3	@dever  Hope you have a better weekend then..
ID	2	@ryan_price Oi, I ran into the problem too  not a good fix, but there's an app in utilities called &quot;Grab&quot; that works good enough...
ID	4	Sun has been making me happy =] Shame about work tonight  x
ID	2	@lamborghinibow u were doing good with the replys now u fallin off sad face
ID	4	@Nobilis I feel your pain. Mine is the same way
ID	3	@JanaiChristian While im stuck INSIDE in Elk Grove Village working all day   Someone should enjoy it!
ID	2	@conorp its so sad! i wish i could stay longer! It the last time ill see you tonight  better not wear my make up!
ID	4	Sad day in the office. Glad it's Friday. Like to get away from this for a while. Poor co-worker just lost her son.
ID	3	@mrinal and the other variable types that we have are not going to be any helpful here!  what is the margin of error here?
ID	0	Frustrating when u r in the mood, but your partner is at work. Ugh!
ID	1	Frustrating when u r in the mood, but your partner is at work. Ugh!
ID	2	UGH! I have GOT TO STOP biting my nails  grrrrr
ID	4	Wishes she had a pool
ID	2	at the redi med. getting checked for strep throat.
ID	3	found six great vegan places to eat and relax at; four of which I can't get to without a car
ID	4	Soooo not feeling well and I need to get out of bed
ID	4	well it's not done yet ! 1 more thing left huaaahhhhh ! jupaa, resaaaa awas kaliaaannn !
ID	2	i'm soooo tired i have to study for all of my subjects ..... history is gonna be SO hard!!!! &gt;.&lt; help me!
ID	3	In the university with hungry!!
ID	2	@IamABoogs oh plzzzzz u never had time for me!!!
ID	2	FML. I hate CSS SO BAD. I can't find an lj layout that has everything I want.
ID	2	in class sick and hungry
ID	0	@EllipticEye  ....what did she EVER do to piss them off?    I thought you just meant casting-related wank, not more of that crap.
ID	1	@EllipticEye  ....what did she EVER do to piss them off?    I thought you just meant casting-related wank, not more of that crap.
ID	2	@RainbowAnne OMG what posts were deleted? So annoyed I can't go on forum at work!
ID	0	Last Friday of Highschool...that's intense! One more test to go...economics. Ewww man!
ID	1	Last Friday of Highschool...that's intense! One more test to go...economics. Ewww man!
ID	3	@Pichu Crap. Now you have to cover the whole purse with those so it looks like a pattern.
ID	2	i got a replacement phone and now all my text messages and call history are gone.  I am sad.
ID	4	@chrlttgrc nope im nott! i was planning on doing but my aunties come over from america and we're havin this big family meal so i cant  xx
ID	2	@wowinsider no    I kind of miss my first main.   Male Tauren Shaman named Icewater stuck at 61.  Maybe I'll fetch him one day.
ID	4	@feltbeats That's right... kick me when I'm down.
ID	0	Ugh i hate not having my car!! i miss you my little ford focus!!!
ID	1	Ugh i hate not having my car!! i miss you my little ford focus!!!
ID	2	@meinj Can't do tonight - could kill a pint though. Another day...
ID	2	Decaf isn't cutting it right now.  ? http://blip.fm/~79g85
ID	4	@TearlessPoet hmmm really??? that's weird idk about that one  sowwy
ID	2	@PeterPolaco I'm guessing the belt thing is a no-go since I didn't hear back..Sorry  Stop by this weekend, we'll talk bout the ring, etc.
ID	3	aww twiter i miss you.. today i'll post a little more.. i mea, after the movie theater..ahah soo coold here
ID	4	@Nic0pic0 Lots of things Nico. Gud news: I have a job Bad news: Its in the middle of nowhere. Got my phone 4 twitter but cnt play videos.
ID	2	weather is making me gloomy
ID	2	lamentablemente paso  #jrztwitterlunch
ID	2	it's so slow, and I want to go home already
ID	4	sourish limbs is preventing me from gg out on a friday. not happy. i haven't been on at 12am for a v long time...even more so on a fri
ID	3	@lauradawg LOL she is okay, its just he songs are so catchy they get stuck in my head
ID	2	i'm worried because something bad happened today and i don't know what's gonna happen next.
ID	0	i'm getting ready for tonight (teachers dinner on the beach!) but it's raining and i hate this!
ID	1	i'm getting ready for tonight (teachers dinner on the beach!) but it's raining and i hate this!
ID	2	45Th st pub anyone tonight? Dont want to be a lonely drunk tonight
ID	2	is hurt and upset and trying to smile when i feel broken inside
ID	3	Back in Manchester. Whats with the weather? Sweaty
ID	2	The time is not my friend today
ID	3	@MareBear2534 I know dude, i'm doing re-runs, making Jenny watch them now too so we can have conversations LOL.  Haven't been online much
ID	2	@MustBeBenHughes hahah! sadly there is no current activity though in the room
ID	4	sick of math
ID	0	French isn't meant to be taught to asians
ID	1	French isn't meant to be taught to asians
ID	3	@KimberlySMoore It's good they're realistic, but I still don't like thinking about it!!!
ID	3	Finally left the house! It's gloomy outside.
ID	3	Loving the sun today, even thought I should be revising. Not a good day though, been at Kates all afty, shit day for her bless her  x
ID	2	Went to get dog from vets, theyve stitched her ear, charged us for it but she still bleeds like a waterfall everytime she moves. D: WHY!
ID	2	Just found out I have to leave my lovely flat!! And been waiting 2.5 hours for a plumber. Still no job news.  Not a good day
ID	0	Damn, need to replace MacBook display. CHF 670 for work and hardware - almost half of the MB price
ID	1	Damn, need to replace MacBook display. CHF 670 for work and hardware - almost half of the MB price
ID	2	@BillyBush um, I think what I will miss the most is.. JAY LENO!!!!!!!!
ID	2	Ive totally not got that job  i can just tell.
ID	4	@jferlee I didn't see it last night!  Oh well. But I HAVE to watch it in theaters. That's a MUST.
ID	4	@jephjacques my three most hated words are &quot;see you monday&quot;
ID	3	Just been out to try to catch a swarm, gone into a roof gable end   Set up a bait hive an hoping for the best at the moment
ID	4	extremely bored.
ID	2	why is it so fucking cold ??!
ID	3	via @cornellfinch: Found #geocache Head's Up! http://coord.info/gc1ret6. Probably my only find of the day.  http://bit.ly/JS3S4
ID	2	@MishDance i miss your dance friends too.
ID	2	@HelenGoytizolo kayla &amp; I went to go visit you but they wouldn't let us in school!
ID	4	The computer at work hates me.  have to call tech support. Again...
ID	2	My hair dresser passed away yesterday from breast cancer  She was the greatest hair dresser I'd ever been to!
ID	2	getting ready to go to IKEA. All alone cuz no one will go with me
ID	0	So I got the day off cuz I had hundreds of things to do....then I woke up with a f*ckin migrane...there goes my day in bed
ID	1	So I got the day off cuz I had hundreds of things to do....then I woke up with a f*ckin migrane...there goes my day in bed
ID	3	@DisneyLuis Aww what happened?
ID	2	@tommcfly I don't know what to write anymore! My mind must be tired. It's past midnight here already. Do a tour in the Philippines?
ID	3	WORS bike race at camp this weekend=a total of 1500 people. Going anywhere Sunday is not an option as they race right past the house  #fb
ID	2	I do not feel good
ID	0	@Natalie_McLife yeah that is the one thing i hate about tweetdeck
ID	1	@Natalie_McLife yeah that is the one thing i hate about tweetdeck
ID	2	Cat is anxiously watching wild turkeys in my back yard....I think they have their eyes on my bunny rabbit
ID	3	@patsytravers http://twitpic.com/66sbz - thats actually adorable! ooh how i miss dude
ID	3	changos el link no me sirve mta
ID	4	I wanna be out in the sunshineeeeeee
ID	0	Just look @ this hellacious desk...good grief  http://short.to/cevd
ID	1	Just look @ this hellacious desk...good grief  http://short.to/cevd
ID	4	@mrs_mcsupergirl ok, finished set u free, and i am sooooo mad rite now...it cant end like that, i dont want him to be the bad guy
ID	2	@ME215 I know it's just a sprain. It's a repetitive injury for me.
ID	2	@geekgirl444 apparently so!  I'm falling apart in front of my eyes
ID	4	workout stunk...no headphones.
ID	0	I hate hiccups
ID	1	I hate hiccups
ID	3	says ...tomorrow is another day...  http://plurk.com/p/x1pxh
ID	2	such beautiful weather.. .why are u sick, baby ?  @ tanapolis
ID	3	@ddlovato miss chatting with you
ID	2	This Wired article should have mentioned R, but didn't  http://tr.im/mNON #rstats
ID	4	headache, headache, go away. come again another day....
ID	4	i wish my drems could come true
ID	2	@majcher I have been run down all week, going to bed around 8:30 each night because of my allergies. It is miserable.
ID	2	.@petraeujane Too bad they never made it over here during the last ten years
ID	4	im at home....on a friday night.  but it's all good!
ID	2	@Oblivion I know! I miss her...
ID	4	tired and bored, watching movies while i'm home alone
ID	4	Screw it goin back to bed,,ill just go tomorrow ,,,,,kinda sad
ID	0	hates putting in new contacts
ID	1	hates putting in new contacts
ID	3	@sarrasina OMG...thank you so much for sending that, I hadn't seen yet. So loving the new Phoenix, too bad they're not coming to Seattle
ID	2	asks: did anyone possibly get a photo of me receiving my diploma? Dad's camera died right at that moment.
ID	4	@tinylegacies *sighs* Ah well.  Maybe my second email will clear it up and get him approved.
ID	3	Nt able to follow anyone  friendorfollow.com here i come!!! #itsucks
ID	2	Huffy is not having a good day night or life. Poor baby
ID	2	Drunkduck misspelled &quot;Buinne&quot; for the announcement of the twenty-fifth page. I'm very sad.
ID	2	@africanewtonxx oh my god. i can't do the end of the dance  *sob*
ID	2	Has been listening to 2 nine yr olds, murdering hannah montanna on disney sing it.. Bring on the headache tablets!!
ID	3	Ohhhh man  My mom got a bag of these caramel candy things, they're soooo good. I'm going to get so fat off of them ;__;
ID	2	@aftashok    i dont forget yall...i dont think im lowkey..i think i spend a lot of time on here actually..sometimes too much
ID	2	I can't stop crying......I can't live like this.
ID	4	i hate interviews. im going to do horrible today
ID	4	@BrendonBudness unfortunatley it is the tooth kind of crown
ID	3	Hallooo bayern!hallooo stau!
ID	2	@yashved_2890 Nt able to follow anyone  friendorfollow.com here i come!!! #itsucks
ID	4	@lexie_98 Kevin can't leave work until 2
ID	4	Head ache  Tom's call time is really early because the shows will start at 2:30PM. Recovered like 150+ photos already... 700 more to go!
ID	3	@ShannonGrissom @grannypig #followfriday thank you!  I'm still not even close to what I had as @GottaLaff
ID	2	@laylakayleigh i miss music on mtv!
ID	2	I'm sad to have lost another person close to me to cancer
ID	4	@RoxieDax Ten hours ago, I was was sleeping, sorry.
ID	3	It's officially the start and the end of my summer. Oh summer school
ID	2	@jane_l I blame you for 1/2 price Fridays replacing Free Book Fridays. They don't want you doing #rrtheatre anymore.
ID	2	Back is SORE... should not have done that jump last night
ID	2	@johannabee I hope it's something relatively minor and easy to heal. I can't stand it when the furbabies get sick.
ID	4	is in route 2 da' beach! No sun yet
ID	4	Aww nobody likes the album I posted after a million attempts  Boohoo
ID	2	@MissMelody in my opinion one gray hair is one too many... I have way too many as well
ID	4	I was supported to do things I didn't like,, n when I was about to do what I intrested in,, mom always refused it...
ID	4	I really miss my phone  i cant wait till my new one comes
ID	4	now the pic wont load up on twitter
ID	4	@novemberlight I sometimes fail
ID	4	@fossiloflife was being sarcy as usual
ID	4	@SpookyJenB @diver4skynsea Stop it, you are makin' me sad
ID	3	@socallove yeah  it will get better though  i know it!
ID	0	English exam! Bleh i hate vocab
ID	1	English exam! Bleh i hate vocab
ID	3	I'm packed up &amp; leaving my Canterbury office &amp; my fab QA&amp;V colleagues for the last time   A great bunch of people. I will miss you xx
ID	2	Just got laid off  stupid economy!
ID	4	bad hair day
ID	0	Holy crap...Sharapova is taking a beating from an unseeded qualifier...ok, o back to doubles!
ID	1	Holy crap...Sharapova is taking a beating from an unseeded qualifier...ok, o back to doubles!
ID	4	@ToyStory2wasOk The party has to be moved to next weekend  ..stupid weather.
ID	4	@sirhova I was supposed to go to philly as well....bailed out last minute
ID	3	Just read McDonald's is actually running more ads than before the economic slowdown. Great. I'm lovin it.
ID	4	@Cinderell4 bad luck  oh well next time you will be more lucky...
ID	2	@Mister_SEX I do!  I'll probably get fired if I do though
ID	4	Really good concepts at #mozconcept. I *really* love to send something mine, but no time
ID	2	he killed everyone for nothing. :o  :-ss
ID	2	@jenberesford So sorry to hear about your mom! that really sucks
ID	4	Ugh - car got stolen sometime between yesterday evening and this morning when husband was due to go to work  Like we can afford this???
ID	2	@SuperGinge Inorite, humid as well
ID	3	My Degree  [Tear] happy moment!  http://mypict.me/1ZpF
ID	3	Have a happy Friday and weekend everyone .. TGIF for me is nothing
ID	4	im sad about missing out on the opportunity to be in valencia's new video.
ID	2	@mileycyrus I think i have same disorder, stay up al night 4 no reason n sleep al day !!  SUUUKS
ID	3	@mariamariamaria i'm sorry you aren't feeling too good, mama  I'm heading up today @ 4, i'll be calling you ..
ID	4	Leaving NOLA today  Counting down the seconds 'til I start crying. Love this place so much.
ID	3	@AnnaSaccone Seeing my friends and doing coursework  I have the weekend off work so I am happy!
ID	3	@alliemunchkin :3, Youtube loves my HD videos  well maybe.
ID	0	@tylerakira - ughhh!!! have to go back there tonight
ID	1	@tylerakira - ughhh!!! have to go back there tonight
ID	2	can't wait to get his hands on his new blackberry, this one is dying on me
ID	2	Searching apartments in Kaohsiung. Will go seeing the apartments on next Tuesday. Haven't found a good one with reasonable rent...
ID	4	@AliceS1 hey, I can't make it to Makers tonight
ID	3	Licking chocolate crumbs off a Twirl wrapper like Zammo on smack
ID	3	@ispybeauty philly was soooo fun. im trying to come to sea isle asap. im working alot the next two weeks tho b/c alot of peole asked off
ID	2	@IvanaE grrrrrrrrrrrrrr ive barely read any of it
ID	4	@cbobcreson @silatjunkie  So, @kfrieze just pointed out to me that she has not been able to be involved in this convo for lack an iPhone
ID	0	Today i Know, My Life Is Empty...  Thats sad but real!!
ID	1	Today i Know, My Life Is Empty...  Thats sad but real!!
ID	0	@brooketastic my keys were cracking and crap. I kind of miss my old phone already.
ID	1	@brooketastic my keys were cracking and crap. I kind of miss my old phone already.
ID	2	Gone up to 8mm on my plug. Help, this is where I said I'd go maximum and I still want to stretch it more...
ID	4	It has been 24 hours now, since I had my dog put to sleep.  RIP my old friend.
ID	4	I wouldn't mind some sunshine and a walk. Where are you, summer??
ID	3	@ashleytisdale have fun!!!!  i dont have school for a while, wish i could go to germany... its like 1 hour away  xoxo
ID	4	@windycitypretty that is sickening... Just shoot at will? Smh... Prayers for his family...
ID	2	gosh im bored. its early..n i wanna go..to sleeeepp why am i at work?  *kay&lt;3*
ID	2	no more twitter in a while   .. tweet tweet
ID	4	@Annie713 It's ugly and gray outside even in San Diego. Not too cold, will get to 70, but May-gray June-gloom for us all
ID	3	@jodiekearns I'm there all weekend, expecting it to be way too hot
ID	3	@tommcfly My eyes are starting to hurt! It's getting super late. But I just gotta keep tweeting. Haha! Philippines tour, please, Tom?
ID	4	Finally got a call for marriage counseling 3 days late....
ID	2	@mommymbd nope anthony wrecked his car i have to help him get it running
ID	2	Can't believe this Shit! I've spend 30 minutes for for a snickers ice cream... Seems like no one does then anymore!
ID	3	Morning...I woke up to watch @taylorswift13 on the Today show. You rocked it girl. Wish I could have been there. So close but so far away
ID	3	finally got out of a 12 km traffic jam. we'll probably not be able to make it in time for a few laps tonight
ID	4	Smart cars are the most worthless cars ever made. &amp; it makes me sad how many of them I see anymore.
ID	2	@brewstermax true but if I don't put a case on it I'll break it in a week.  don't worry ill find a way to make it work.
ID	2	Will you guy's keep voting for her and ask u'r followers to help to. Only 4days left before competitions close.
ID	4	@mmitchelldaviss mitchell i tryed to add you on xbox live lastnight during when i was in your live show, but your friends list is full
ID	2	My throat is killing me
ID	3	@unmarketing boo i'm a week late  how long u in town for?
ID	2	@_YoureMyHeroine :'( i really know how you feelin. i wish i could hug you
ID	2	Roasting to most probably death
ID	4	Gus, formally known as world's ugliest dog has died  We'll miss you, Gus http://bit.ly/exjcn
ID	3	@nicolahunt nice way 2 end the week...
ID	4	Finally sunny days and I'm too sick to go outside and play.
ID	2	ger my foot is killing me and i miss my matthew
ID	3	is back home now      gonna miss every one
ID	2	@violetph  Gods sake it isn't even your birthday yet  i need a cool job like that.
ID	4	so freaking tired.  It's like my body refuses to move.
ID	2	It's too hot.  I don't like it.
ID	0	Too hot. Station isn't packed but train packed. No windows open on train. Roasted sardines.
ID	1	Too hot. Station isn't packed but train packed. No windows open on train. Roasted sardines.
ID	2	Ugh worried about my math test
ID	2	I wish the weather would be slightly less rainy so I could use the hot tub.
ID	4	I fell! I think my knee is broken  but I look fabulous
ID	3	Thanks everyone. Unfortunately nothing can be done. The sales speak for themselves, and if that doesn't convince Diamond, nothing will.
ID	4	now my ds just died  whatta letdown!
ID	0	@socialcalamity Haha k we should stop here. If not, it's going to turn into a bitching section. Ohwell, my parents just came home
ID	1	@socialcalamity Haha k we should stop here. If not, it's going to turn into a bitching section. Ohwell, my parents just came home
ID	3	My ipod has taken it's last breath... Im truly devastated. I have lost my public transportation companion
ID	2	*meow* a week ago today @sevilla90 was here and we were road trippin
ID	4	@IzzyJ_Is_Here oh hun, i'm sorry... out of everything you've been through, the last thing you deserve is to be unhappy at home..
ID	3	@lanceseabourn I know  but this sub is sooooo good
ID	3	Praise the advantages of todays copy protection: can not run my fresh installed 3D app, since the licensing system dont let me.
ID	3	Whistling while you work = LAME! lol
ID	4	WALC-ers are you ready to cry? its going to be a long day of reminiscing
ID	4	@banjoist123 may I ask what bluegrass means? Sorry in advance for looking a bit silly by asking
ID	2	@Cinderell4 i don't like to see you like this...  there must be something to make you smile...
ID	2	@dfarver76 Good BUT it's supposed to storm later
ID	3	@shadowfish But I'd have to drive  Or get a taxi. Do you have a pool table/jukebox?
ID	2	I want some sushi today
ID	4	not long in from sunbathing and burnt
ID	4	@ShellyKramer I've had a fever for the past 48 hours. You should see me. I'm unshaven, puffy face and look pathetic!
ID	4	@morgret Probably not, kinda expensive and we have to work. Most people have off weekends, we work.
ID	2	@CarmelaMarie I'm okay. Ima go to the park and play some ball. Not in the best of moods. Got stress to relieve.
ID	3	Going off BC is making me break out.
ID	2	Had to take my bad ass dog to the pet hotel....so sad
ID	2	chilling on the sofa, I hate vaccinations, I feel sooo ill
ID	2	lost my game  by 3 POINTS!!!!!
ID	2	just got back from my exam... im surely gonna fail...now trying 2 get tickets 4 il divo! someone doesnt want us 2b there!!!
ID	3	@KirstynSmith I spent 3 hours sitting out in the sun - picnic lunch + ice cream = win. We should have had a BBQ today
ID	2	I'm taking a twitter break. Cell is dying
ID	4	Headache
ID	3	Happy Friday. Just pulled some yummy radishes out of the garden. Hope the strawberries turn out. Still no blooms.
ID	4	@devontebrown its cuz you love me. dont make me sad
ID	2	my little booboo is sick
ID	3	want food too
ID	3	@HDEnvy Thanks!  Unfortunately the EU had probs with his satellite provider, so even though his TV LOOKS great, it's basically useless
ID	3	i love mandy moore so much  and also angela
ID	3	@indiepixie omg a roach was in my room for the first time ever in this apartment today. I hope I don't have Patricia luck next
ID	4	NOO!! XBOX got red rings of death
ID	4	favorite shirt ruined:death by bleach  #fb
ID	4	Missed getting my &quot;Twilight&quot; jacket @ modcloth! Man I wish I didn't have long monkey arms and could of gotten the L instead!!
ID	3	well im gonna go shower now. gotta get rdy 4 movies in a couple hours!   byeee   ~~  Esther &lt;3    p.s.s i miss u katherine
ID	3	Has finally finished emulsioning the bathroom. Now for gloss work
ID	2	@dulcedementia   poor Stuart...    I was wondering where he was!  Moving day today!I expect a welcome cake or case neighbor .... hehehe
ID	2	taking sad to a whole new level
ID	4	@joaniemaloney yep  which sucks because i thought somewhere it said it was..
ID	4	Suddenly I remember all the memories with him  ohhh please
ID	4	Paid all my bills only to go out to the mailbox to find more of them
ID	2	i think my ipod is sick  it doesn't want to connect to any wi-fi . . .
ID	2	I'm feeling nauseous.
ID	2	#ivealwayswantedtosay Sorry to his wife also for moonying her...she was a lovely lady and it was a dare...she did not deserve that!
ID	3	@2dimples2 I dunno man. How bout some wendy's?? mmmmmm we dont gots that in H-town
ID	2	not feelin 2 well  im not sick, jus feel like blah... (especially my stomach) anotha 7 hours 2 go, but workday is so far so good.
ID	4	No one wants to sit with me at lunch  I guess I'll just bury my head in my laptop and continue to be anti-social.
ID	2	@vivek1209    Whn r u goin to Europe?
ID	4	I think my book is gone forever... we mourn forever  SHIT!
ID	3	Oh great, Radio Disney doesn't crash with the latest webkit, so my kid can run it again. HEY WAIT.
ID	2	Oh snap!  Just broke my windshield while replacing my wiper blades.
ID	2	Phooey!  They've planned CAMPING for my class reunion. I. Hate. Camping. ...and being the only single girl left from my graduating class.
ID	4	is a failure
ID	4	I misses my bed  so sleepy!
ID	3	@LILPARADIVA @spookyjenb and Em, my baby, starts kindergarten.  What a crazy summer it's going to be.
ID	2	@AsMooNy ta3ally ma3ahaa w e83idy sa5neeha ly 6ool el 6ireee8  astaaahil wla :-p &lt;&lt;&lt; kfff looool wallah thx bard w 7ar ahm shy 8ahwaaa =|
ID	0	grr!  i hate being damn near forced to go places.  especially to sit on a bus for an entire day just to sit in a house in podunktown, va
ID	1	grr!  i hate being damn near forced to go places.  especially to sit on a bus for an entire day just to sit in a house in podunktown, va
ID	2	@stacey79 that sucks - I'm still hungry and sucked down my food.
ID	2	i thought follow friday was about gaining new friends, not losing them.
ID	4	Earthlink says our modem is dead.  They want me to buy a new one or sign up for a one year contract ARGH!!!
ID	2	sunniest week for ages....and exams
ID	4	Frustrated with copying 13Gigs across USB 1.1.Stupid old servers
ID	4	Drag me to hell soundtrack from Christopher Young is delayed from june 2nd to july 7. That's SUCKS pretty bad.
ID	3	Actually I'm really missing Fabian  Which is pretty sad since i talked to him like... 2 hours ago! Gosh time flies when you miss someone.
ID	3	Already feel like such an idiot on the phone and it makes it worse when Brandon says I didn't say the right stuff
ID	2	I don't think the coffee at work agreed with my tummy
ID	4	Ben &amp; Jerry's fail. Got email for free ice cream. Says click here to redeem coupon. When I click, I get error message  @cherrygarcia
ID	4	Listening to Opeth. Trying not to think about missing their show in San Antonio. Failing
ID	4	Almost fell asleep under the hair dryer  so tired, feel like I'm going to puke
ID	4	@eightwednesday @emilyhilleren I lost that membership when I got boosted to the 3 D club.  It's lonely.
ID	2	if officially done with high school....  so sad... i miss them already! movie later???
ID	4	wow, I didn't realized that there is a limit to the &quot;more&quot; button. That sucks... I guess two days is the max to not sign in to twitter.  !
ID	4	i need new running shoes!! my feet are completely torn up
ID	4	@jkblacker Unfortunately I'm not @jamesog - someone's squatting on that
ID	2	I know I'm already a week behind on FF. Will TRY to get one done today! Called into work 2hrs early due to problems so will be a busy day
ID	2	@Renee3 Oh no!! I hope it's not bad
ID	4	Young love comes to an end
ID	4	im well bored  had a great half term and i dont wanna go back to school on monday :'( enjoying the hot weatler lo0l ;)
ID	2	@kedge0417 is work next door sucking again
ID	3	Tweeting to tweeple about my tweens, for tomorrow I am 30
ID	2	waiting to go to 4th period to get the final over with. omgg im sooo gonna fail
ID	4	Dang my own LDBF didnt give me a Follow Friday shot out
ID	3	@Tashster Have a cold one for me, I'm just off to work now
ID	2	Anxious for my dance recital tonorrow at UP :/ Groove Central will be miiiiissed  Coach Mycs! Loveyouuuu!
ID	2	*sad face* project-m keeps crashing my itunes
ID	4	This is what I am drinking instead of beer: Airport is out of beer.. At least it is carbonated...  http://mypict.me/1Zu9
ID	3	#FollowFriday In honor of my web buddies who moved.  @warpdesign @cianan @BigToach @mikedelgado
ID	2	i look like crap right now  im very fucking moody to  *Shooting Star*
ID	4	@xxxmaggie oh that sucks  I'm sorry.
ID	2	I need to get it together before Ricky gets home. He is not going to be pleased about me breaking up this damn bathroom
ID	0	My TweetDeck is languishing in API Hell. Again.
ID	1	My TweetDeck is languishing in API Hell. Again.
ID	2	@MyNC I was wondering....   Have a GREAT weekend!
ID	3	Back in lancaster bored already, can't wait to start work! Missing hel!
ID	4	i could tell its gonna be an angry day...
ID	4	NW Macedonia: Few rainy days in a row.
ID	2	@Marianna26 hey mar! i miss you also ( yeah  but i gotta find a stupidstupid school (
ID	2	@ahaulil I have a bird living with me.  So I have to find other ways to kill these damn things beside the exterminator.   #vegas it sucks
ID	4	I hate it when my sweetie has a bad day  http://tinyurl.com/lr22dj
ID	4	@verbs_n_nouns ikr? my parents take the cake tho, they don't grocery shop and they go out to eat all the time just them 2...
ID	2	@Stubinho you said you fucked up your nose!
ID	3	@successorstate yeah it was face2face  nite we went to palisades to see star trek. i can't remember it. i said it while we were in the car
ID	2	i'll do follow friday a little later on...i'm busy taking over this lady's job.
ID	2	So sorry if i've been typing wrongly. usually, after i've typed something, i wont read. i'll just press the 'enter' button
ID	4	@philispig  Is competition around the corner? if not take it slow for at least a week. Twisted my ankle back in jc, awfully painful.
ID	4	@jmorgan0909 and I'm not getting another one ... There's only 1 alfie
ID	4	@AC_1 welcome to the twitter world Andrew! tell david to have a twitter too haha just kiddin' i know he doesn't want to have one.. booo..
ID	2	I'm really not feeling today...soooo much work to do and I have a soar throat  gosh
ID	2	My teeth and my eye hurt   someone make them feel better
ID	4	I think it's unfair I have to miss the sun  all places of work should be closed an writing essays should not be allowed when it's sunny!
ID	4	headache
ID	2	Chauncey is giving his last sac speech...
ID	3	goodnight loveee, i have to attend extra classes at school tmrw. urgh
ID	4	Co-worker's last day  we are going to miss her
ID	0	@lelebaby21 @JazzyFiierce u guys are soo unfair smh...
ID	1	@lelebaby21 @JazzyFiierce u guys are soo unfair smh...
ID	3	@amandagelso i know  mark is still one of my favorite boys ever. So nice and adorable.
ID	2	@Metal0520 I haven't talked to you since the last day of school!  that's no right.
ID	4	Evermore &amp; End of Fashion rocks! My poor foot though! oww! injured my foot. not good. will be sore tomorrow.  details to follow  later
ID	3	@adlounge  Hey! Wanted to confirm we're still meeting at Rivoli @ 6pm?  I can only stay for an hour and a bit  #adlounge
ID	2	@jessnextdoor aww...  try to rest na lang muna... ^^
ID	3	@sexxieluv I wanna go to a SexxieLuv party though
ID	4	ughhh studying for finals i wish i could go to prom
ID	2	i am waaayyyy hungry!  oh fyi my work email is down again BLAH!
ID	2	@backstreetboys  totally missed the chatroom. I'm so lame
ID	0	Oh god, a moth was living in a fucking power outlet!  (Actually, my PowerSquid.)
ID	1	Oh god, a moth was living in a fucking power outlet!  (Actually, my PowerSquid.)
ID	4	Sometimes I forget that boys have feelings too
ID	2	@GoodGreenTea Its been a fun afternoon for me trying though....BBQ's out now though...feeling a bit sick
ID	0	@Hatz94 me too. I hate my computer so much..
ID	1	@Hatz94 me too. I hate my computer so much..
ID	4	I also think that I'm talking to myself now. Okay I need to get to bed. BTW, I miss my brothers.
ID	2	sinus headaches suck big time!
ID	3	@Ames1103 I think that boat sailed my friend... The few CCO's that had them, had them months ago....  I wish you luck though...
ID	3	@Ana_Surprise its soooo funny! thanks or today. btw, lebron harassed me
ID	2	(@gbsinkers) Oh snap!  Just broke my windshield while replacing my wiper blades.
ID	3	@KirstenAlexa I KNOW! I love Nicholas Braun &amp; I think he'll make an okay Cameron but I don't wanna see it either
ID	2	Damn being broke on the day Guitar Hero Metallica comes out!  Boooooooo
ID	2	how come when i straighten my hair it has to sprinkle
ID	0	so much for an amazing day...some pervert just ruined it
ID	1	so much for an amazing day...some pervert just ruined it
ID	4	@tommcfly It's 12:30AM, @buonotomato stopped tweeting, my brain's not functioning. I wanna cry. Haha. Philippines tour, please?  Love ya!
ID	4	ate all my chocolate
ID	4	moving back home today. pro: obnoxiously closer to @thom1937 con: no more mpls runs/excursions for at least a year.
ID	2	Dang i didnt even remember it was my bday today
ID	2	@AlfieJG I don't think I am, my sisters refusn to get me a ticket now.  what you doing next week?
ID	2	I can't eat a hot pocket anymore without thinking about Jim Gaffigan
ID	4	@saxa246  ive been trying to get over her for years, its so hard to move on, when youre so in love..it sucks
ID	3	want to see him so badly
ID	2	How would we get thousand battlegrounds  #battleground, I mean we don't even know how could we reach which number to make it trending tpc
ID	3	NOOOO!!!  &quot;thehannabeth: i have a crush... ;)&quot;
ID	3	@TheMakeupSnob I know   It was worth a shot, though!
ID	3	Heading to Beaumont
ID	2	Truly sad... My cheap little camcorder just shot craps.....
ID	2	I hate only having 1gb ram to use as host and 1gb for Virtual Machine  Sucks so much
ID	2	Why are you hiding behind the clouds mr. Sun
ID	4	@pairadocsdesign and Radio X 96.1 is going all sports next month. Radio is dead.  #grandrapids
ID	4	(sigh) guess we're not gonna meet up today.
ID	2	GOD SCHOOL IS GOING TO SUCK ASS NEXT YEAR!
ID	2	6:29 pm - ok, let's go now through #bowman #strategicClock but first.. a break :-0 aargh.. tired
ID	4	i DID argue with byron because he said im fat
ID	2	@RachellT342 ugh... I know the economy is depressing...
ID	3	@brainstuck hey! chutti was very tiring.. and have to travel again tomo  how was your Friday?
ID	4	Wish I was in Chicago.
ID	2	@herecomesdomzi and what about me, huh? I'm crying. Did U forget me?
ID	4	So I slept 12 hrs! My body is aching
ID	4	@erickadiaz I get to go to coffee now  It's no fun. I hate it too!
ID	3	@nattymsmith awww she's laavly ;) I had to come in  but I've got a stunning wee tan (l) ;) yourself?
ID	3	@fifthroom I tried TD, but it battled with CS3 over my processor. Nambu is really good, but unintuitive
ID	4	@billbathgate im not a doofus  it could happen wahhh!!! :'(!!!!!!!!!! im on my break!!
ID	2	Thinks my &quot;not girlfriend&quot; needs to not be a douchebag right now...  i'm not in the mood to feel neglected
ID	4	@nikkibop and he's not even fat!!!! Huh, @freyalynn? He's just friggin huge!  I have a freak.
ID	2	has spent the last two weeks attempting to grow a beard (from scratch), but fears it may look a bit rubbish...  http://twitpic.com/66tyb
ID	4	left the inn  now im at school. dang its straight up dead here!! [&lt;3Hannah]
ID	2	@CursedChimera; Re: Home - that's exactly what I meant... home in D-town. ;) Also, re: computer... uh... I brokt it...
ID	4	Blah to car repairs... almost 600 dollars...   Shopping around for a better deal.
ID	2	@TylerAlyse SAC won't offer fundamentals of math 2 for teachers in summer one  booo. I miss SAC!
ID	4	@hootsuite  Darnit.  See what happens when I avoid teh interwebs for work.
ID	3	@kelseyrose56 I WISH YOU WERE GOING TOO!  are you still coming to nicoles preprom? @nicolesx319 Can't wait for preprom!!!!
ID	4	my apartment is emptying out more &amp; more each day.. so sad.. last week at 2000
ID	2	@JekNexus Oooommmmggg, you probs will, too busy to slay properly for a while  Hopefully I'll stay ahead doing 1 task a week!
ID	0	my feet are cold.....i hate when my feet get cold
ID	1	my feet are cold.....i hate when my feet get cold
ID	3	@KrystalNichole Pretty good!!! I think I overdid the gym yesterday... other than that just working
ID	4	@alyssa133 awww i'm sorry  what kind of fish did you have?
ID	2	@KevynPM Ian and I are going to a matinee tomorrow, or that's the plan at least...it's going to be too expensive for 3d at night
ID	3	another song that  makes me cry and cry all day  and night long.
ID	2	My dog is suffering from abandonment issues. She thinks I'm moving without her.
ID	2	Tum is very unhappy this morning (&amp; it's definitely not a hangover, either). I'd call in sick to work except Heidi needs a ride home.
ID	4	Why are some guys so stupid? They have no idea what to do with a good girl who actually cares about them..so sad
ID	2	Bus stuck in traffic; gonna be late
ID	3	Its 4.30am, sleep timeee. I wanted to watch Gossip Girl but i'm way too tired  Goodnight!
ID	4	@simonprobert yep, supposed to last all weekend. filthy weather
ID	0	my zoids torrent crashed after 8 hours of downloading.  it was only 6% done at that time, because apparently i'm the only zoids fan ever.
ID	1	my zoids torrent crashed after 8 hours of downloading.  it was only 6% done at that time, because apparently i'm the only zoids fan ever.
ID	2	feeling better, still coughing. : / not moving on yet. its impossible.
ID	2	I swear, now my dog is having anxiety issues.
ID	4	heading to the dmv to pay them my hard-earned money
ID	2	I burnt my finger on the toaster
ID	3	also, Lipton's Sparkling Green Tea is gross
ID	3	@claudiatan yes! fb, ah i miss you
ID	0	FreeSat's coverage (Sky dish) is really, really bad at the moment, blocks all over the place, really annoying!  http://bit.ly/191TpR
ID	1	FreeSat's coverage (Sky dish) is really, really bad at the moment, blocks all over the place, really annoying!  http://bit.ly/191TpR
ID	3	@MissShell20 eeeeep so jealous ;) I'm at work  um, how can u receive Viva? Do they broadcast it online? :plz:
ID	4	How do you forgive yourself for hurting the one you love the most?
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/66u67 after the shot calmin down!
ID	2	I did.'t Get tht.
ID	2	@_Tanyya :O  awww leave off, shes ace! Shes one of my fav actresses!
ID	2	sickkk, it's been two days since summer started and it suck already!
ID	4	@MattyP_654  it's this damp weather...
ID	2	Ever been to a restaurant with over 200 items on the menu?  Lunch decision shouldn't be this hard
ID	4	@scarletty24 i know.. i suck.. i'm a master procrastinator  ... you guys don't have too much fun without me
ID	4	last day off... back to work tomorrow
ID	2	@jenmussari my internet in like 9th grade was so fast, its dieing out
ID	2	@diamondhead94 oh the noon? I don't know if I can make that one...I only get 30 min for lunch
ID	2	@denise_richards sorry to be the bearer of bad news.
ID	4	wishing i was on a beach right now!!
ID	2	Walking the puppies downtown. Also, mystery of missing cat solved: he  locked himself in basement for nearly two days.
ID	3	@OakMonster I hear ya.
ID	4	Is not a happy bunny
ID	4	@Lesley_M Melted maybe 2 square inches of skin. Ran it under cold water for a min or two and then iced until the ice melted. Now, hurts
ID	4	Tbh having no credit in your phone sux. i cant even text people to see what's happening, like its totally grrrsville
ID	2	@tommcfly I'm starting to get really dizzy. Do a tour in the Philippines?  So we'd feel the bliss of knowing our efforts were worth it!
ID	2	im so stressed out.  will anything get any better *sigh*
ID	2	#3wordsaftersex  Ow, rug burns
ID	2	Is getting upset at work cus bindz and j are being bullies  and they won't let me go duty free shopping!
ID	0	projects suck
ID	1	projects suck
ID	3	Walking the puppies downtown. Also, mystery of missing cat solved: he hid himself in the basement for nearly two days.
ID	4	@MrsWilliams @Timperator fhlt sich ganz so an #montezuma #iphone
ID	2	omg. .please jonas brothers add an extra date in dublin in november! i tried 2 get tickets but dey were sold out.
ID	2	@rammohanr Yea...looks like it is...sorry abt nt gettin in touch..was hectic
ID	2	I think at this rate.. Ill be in class until 4... Sigh.
ID	2	@THEBFOUNDATION NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!! why in july? im gonna be back home  NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!
ID	2	@belfair_rocks I WISH he could fix this dang thing!!!
ID	4	it will be my second year that i will not be there
ID	4	@FRANK_URQUIDEZ I MISS U
ID	2	So cold in here!  getting the chill
ID	2	it makes me sad when people phones are sick
ID	2	@kayleeperry look at what i said to....someone. actually dont. no, do it. dont. yes. no.yes. no. UGH i dont know.
ID	0	And my basketball is flat and there was a massive spider in my pavement chalks  Now the sun has gone in. FML.
ID	1	And my basketball is flat and there was a massive spider in my pavement chalks  Now the sun has gone in. FML.
ID	2	@fish134 miss you
ID	2	why do I always wake up ONE minute before my alarm is scheduled to go off??
ID	4	43416 I miss you so much my heart is aching without you bub  http://is.gd/Ja9I
ID	4	being far too vigorous with pruning and regretting the removal of too many cucumber flowers off cucumber plant.
ID	3	@Mo4Sho87 im following you! im following you! im sorry!  ahhahah i missed you!
ID	2	Okay so I'm dedicating my 300th tweet to the fact that I'm going to the Apple store because there is a HUGE crack on the glass screen!
ID	2	@michaelmphysics YES. i am thinking of staying in the office until it's slightly less RIDICULOUSLY HOT
ID	4	@tommcfly Tom , today my school played POV at the break , and I almost cryed !  your show in sao paulo is today ! I wish i could be there!
ID	4	oh i just check my stock port. My marketing was unable to buy me TICON at best price
ID	0	@ZomberellaMcFox if I do that, I'll have no pc
ID	1	@ZomberellaMcFox if I do that, I'll have no pc
ID	2	ive burned like a ginger kid in the sun. now my arms are red
ID	2	Happy Birthday to meeeee!! Excited to go out tonight, but I'm gonna miss my girl
ID	4	@cameronmarion me too  no one even liked my answers to life last night, pshh
ID	3	Getting one of our field vehicles cleaned. Looks like our action hero governor wants to give me another furlough day. How nice of him
ID	2	my twitter says it needs a break  i'll be back in a bit (capacity??)
ID	4	@JHall510 I'm good just bored at work
ID	2	back to work tomoo  day 1 of 5 it will bee.
ID	0	having a reli gd holiday .. buh now have to revise  x
ID	1	having a reli gd holiday .. buh now have to revise  x
ID	4	Oh PW, you done me wrong. The signing time in ur children's article are all wrong...and no Neil Gaiman?! You tease me.  #bea
ID	2	Feeling so low and depressed that I'm not on holiday
ID	2	@IzzyJ_Is_Here haha yeah i hate seeing him in pain so i do what I can.. and I send hugs to you too, hun! I hate seeing that youre unhappy
ID	0	@Karmina13 what's up? what happened? DM me if you need to. TXT on my phone is defunk'd
ID	1	@Karmina13 what's up? what happened? DM me if you need to. TXT on my phone is defunk'd
ID	2	@lets_eat_out
ID	4	Jeff can't get his visa in time to come visit me!    I'm so sad.  In other news, I'm going to Lapa tonight to samba the night away.
ID	4	sooo tired of this cubicle
ID	2	@redhalo_pax Oh man... I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out
ID	4	laying in bed listening to opticon. i miss joe veneck
ID	2	going to check and make sure no more fishies are dead. poor fishies
ID	4	when i cheered,i yelled SHAKE THESE at the end of a chant and did the suck it &quot;X&quot; and got suspended &amp; had to give a public apology,lol
ID	3	Blah. So i registered to coach this summer and eh the tourney starts July 6th. My vacation 7/15-28th. Fk my life, haha
ID	3	i am leaving soon for Kansas City to take some of my stuff. Only 8 days of living in Carthage left.
ID	0	Hello!Im back andIm drunk,  and as much asI love my friends,I hate how they unintentionally make me feel inadequate.Ineedhelp
ID	1	Hello!Im back andIm drunk,  and as much asI love my friends,I hate how they unintentionally make me feel inadequate.Ineedhelp
ID	2	@Jayde_Nicole I have to close my eyes when I watch it
ID	2	not eating lunch with my wife like I wanted to
ID	4	@redhalo_pax goddamn   that fucking sucks *hugs*
ID	4	Will miss my baby for 2 days
ID	3	@raczilla nice beta for easports still no news on the online for madden
ID	2	@marcdavies That sucks man  I hope you have a problem-free weekend.
ID	2	I am doing the  FF wrong!
ID	2	I'm not ready for my baby to be 3 tomorrow  she is growing so fast....
ID	0	Jealousy makes u into a different person ... I freakin hate being this way  gotta suck it up I guess
ID	1	Jealousy makes u into a different person ... I freakin hate being this way  gotta suck it up I guess
ID	4	I'm so tired idk what 2 do...and I have 2 much 2 do ...church 2 nite, gotta write sermon, wash &amp; flat iron hair, eat! so so much 2 do
ID	4	at wk wishin I was at Annies grad ceremony but coodnt becuz of sumthin I dnt care to mention... sooo sad
ID	2	Not looking forward to this long trip in the morning. I'm sick
ID	3	Just recollecting my jog this a.m. - almost perfect except unkown type hanging out by my vehicle.  Too much mental noise- only 6 mile jog
ID	2	I just saw 22nd of June and it make me think of Jenny  I miss her so much  ...
ID	3	@kellychiello i know  but the weather's clearing and suppose to be nice sat and sun
ID	2	@jamie_oliver ohhhhh i was busy and didn't see this again...
ID	3	Yesterday and today was my weekend....back to work 2moro!
ID	4	It looks like the office TV DOES get MLB Network... and it looks like MLBN will NOT be televising the DET/BAL game today  #wieters
ID	2	@AmyMonzon LOL freakinggg I worse a lookse shirt and shorts and sandals and it looks like its gonna rain outside  boo yahoo wearther
ID	2	@michellej They don't let the queer boys donate blood.
ID	4	Had drums, but they where made up of other peoples sets, so, had to give them all back
ID	3	@marebear521 its open now??? Its so good!!! But didn't agree w/me
ID	2	@jeremy6d ditching out again?  you will be missed. I wish my ruby boys would represent.
ID	3	@christa42 you mean the post concert blues ;) *lol*  Well, I soooo know what you mean ...
ID	4	its freezing cold! i cant function right in this type of weather. starving to the max
ID	4	Legs are hurting because I was standing up all day.
ID	2	wants to set up a coffee shop, but he has no money to do it
ID	3	LIVE NOW  LIVE! )  DJ JAYEM B2B E.S.R  Click : http://www.krisisdnb.com/listen.asx
ID	3	Just found out my baby cousin is gonna be a dad!!!! At least he's married already. Everybody is getting married and having kids before me
ID	0	Had the hottest and stressiest day at work  f the area manager. So happy to be going home!
ID	1	Had the hottest and stressiest day at work  f the area manager. So happy to be going home!
ID	2	tweeting from ally court for the last time.... its a sad sad moment
ID	0	@Devotfeige man that sucks.
ID	1	@Devotfeige man that sucks.
ID	2	@CcoK99 I cant take any chances on them being sold out, when they were in ATX  I waited to long.
ID	3	Sick  Right now very thankful for my chicken soup and my bed!
ID	3	had a great time at six flags yesterday.. its summer   my friend spent the night last night and just left so now i'm bored..
ID	2	@gjo26 why am I weird?
ID	3	Nobody ever @mandagh' s   makes me sad
ID	2	Just came back from watching Terminator Salvation @ Cathay. It's so-so only, not so much action  but I feel sorry for Marcus though.
ID	4	I gave my brother a hug good-bye.. as he took a load of furniture away from the house. He took the mattress I like
ID	2	scratchy scratchy throat. warm fluids needed
ID	2	fact is i am a bad cook, those ships weren't cooked, and neither is this chicken
ID	0	@danipoynterjudd  its awful. Xxxx
ID	1	@danipoynterjudd  its awful. Xxxx
ID	2	At work but punchy due to two early morning pager events.
ID	2	I saw the sun..... but then I blink and it was gone
ID	2	@laurenvdw ahh when i was there it was closed
ID	2	My cankle is sore.
ID	2	About to take meds I take that percentage back... feeling worse
ID	4	@Rumpelwald : ne, muss noch 2 Woche warten
ID	4	@saynerd01 @ericajo42   GRR! my stupid meebo is disconnecting me every 5 seconds
ID	4	Super pumped to do the &quot;Relay for Life&quot; tonite. I am walking in honor of my sweet Grandpa '06 and my Uncle Howard who past just yesterday
ID	2	's throat is killing her... and she's whining, great.
ID	2	editting crap on here in school is a drag. i give up lol ill do it at home. i wanna go home T-T my vida is so boring right now
ID	4	I miss the old... HA, HA. I can't tell that person's name.
ID	2	@theHUBnyc there is no sale in Botega...
ID	2	the neighborhood gas station is gone, kaput, out of business. No more convenient trips for ice or whatevs. over 3 miles now to travel..
ID	2	@purpleshoe Ahh! normally I would jump at that but i'm manning the office solo today
ID	4	i'm freezing in math class!
ID	3	turns 26 on june 22. no more a youth   shelton for my bday is going to snag me a piece of mancandy. miss u everyday, my hot chocolate &lt;3.
ID	2	Last day I'm LA. I am so so sad
ID	3	i really wanna play....
ID	4	Gah! Buddy K is a must hang with person right now I miss him.  Along with Parker and McPhee.
ID	4	I have a feeling today is going to be very boring ! Work @ 3  till 9:30
ID	2	Going home  but when i get home , BLACK BERRY ! WOO HOO  . . . and get to see presten ! &lt;3
ID	3	Going home  but when i get home , BLACK BERRY ! WOO HOO  . . . and get to see presten ! &lt;3
ID	4	Been working on my freakin' computer trying to save stuff on a harddrive and it seems I failed miserably.
ID	0	oh i hate friday evening.
ID	1	oh i hate friday evening.
ID	4	Kerry threw a ball at Anand; it bounced off his head, landed on my lunch and it exploded everywhere.
ID	4	taking care of sick children
ID	2	getting my hair cut todayyyy! i'm nerrrvous
ID	0	@KatieJaneWatson Oh, I forget things you see. Ahah. I hated that! It creeped me out.
ID	1	@KatieJaneWatson Oh, I forget things you see. Ahah. I hated that! It creeped me out.
ID	2	@FunkeyGurlNo1 I'm going to work.... bummer
ID	3	@kamarichelsea You gave me the inspiration for my last update.
ID	4	I have tummy ache.  Probably not helped by eating /that/ many tic tacs.
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/66uor - went on a really long cycle ride with my mum, brothers and my BFF Han today. My bum aches now!!
ID	4	@msignorile  Weather sucks up here
ID	2	Feels very ucky today... I need more DEFENSE Vitamin Water because I don't want to be sick no mores
ID	3	Oh noesss seniors last day  However, tickling will till he was on the floor giggling made it totally worth it. Plus, a senior sandwhich!
ID	3	@markfriend I asked mum bout going out tommorow, she laughed in my face lmao
ID	2	Ugh I can't breathe right today
ID	4	back to work
ID	2	On my way to Ft. Knox   http://myloc.me/1Zyg
ID	2	wow the last hour of twittering that I've been doing has yet to be sent over to twitter..  guys bare w me...
ID	4	Got my hair cut. Great.  stupid gum.
ID	4	my computer at work is not working...booo... need a new one!  TGIF!
ID	2	Is asking that everyone please join me in praying for my mom she just got home from the ER and has to go see a heart doctor
ID	2	@MerewichDaBitch I've been unlocked for decades now...just not lucky, never have been.  Gottta make my own luck and that involves $$$$$
ID	4	Regrettin some of the decisions I made
ID	2	@courtney_mejer I couldn't remember what all the different cords meant. I lost half of them leaving the graduation anyway.
ID	3	I'm in a pub garden,  its boiling,  hannah no likey,
ID	4	@jessner12 you suck majorly  i'm swamped...so why am I on twitter...I don't know...but still  a golf tournament?
ID	4	@BrentO She! Maybe that was our first mistake.  Not everyone is as cool as @sqlfool  (brown nose moment)
ID	2	@jp1983 You burned yourself too??? So did @ericpratum! ohh no...  xoxo
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/66uq4 - hotttt weather! getting blackk before it starts to rain again
ID	4	at work and it sucks big time
ID	4	Saying goodbye to a good trusted friend today. Goodbye free Sky TV, you were the best friend anyone could have had.
ID	2	@kate38381849 ouuhh dont cry  i feel so sad right now
ID	3	New baby doing well.  I will be attempting to do some more &quot;painting&quot; this weekend.
ID	4	Crappy Day...
ID	0	@wilstobbart I'm still at work
ID	1	@wilstobbart I'm still at work
ID	3	At work again, when the weather is beautifullll
ID	2	@WeTheTRAVIS  I was meant to be seeing you lot tonight but tix ran out!!
ID	4	has the urge to go shopping.hmmm but i've got no money,how?
ID	4	Well poop, my guitar lesson was canceled today  I'm so sad. I hope his son feels better soon tho.
ID	0	@NikkiStixx @valentinamia omg you guys will know when I'm getting nasty!!  My head hurts
ID	1	@NikkiStixx @valentinamia omg you guys will know when I'm getting nasty!!  My head hurts
ID	2	Back at the vet and it isn't good
ID	2	everyone's abandoning the office... I still have 5 hours to go
ID	0	Waiting in a long line at chick-fil-a
ID	1	Waiting in a long line at chick-fil-a
ID	2	@heltershelter we are in line now waiting..if only he knew!!
ID	0	I need a blankie  this trains an icebox
ID	1	I need a blankie  this trains an icebox
ID	4	@pilarlovesyou  i love you. don't leave me!
ID	2	So, ~200 people all on the same Wi-Fi and cell hubs here at @Hardwear means we're kinda off the grid. Each tweet takes like 5 minutes.
ID	0	Came home after getting ratty in a shop with the staff and a blister on the foot. Meh
ID	1	Came home after getting ratty in a shop with the staff and a blister on the foot. Meh
ID	4	Shaw guys are over when I want to be sleeping
ID	2	Well poop.  Looks like the office doesn't have the keys.  I don't have the keys.  Neighbors don't have the keys.   Bike rides from now on.
ID	2	@WedSpace now I know why it didn't work, just not too keen on paying though for a 2ndary social network
ID	3	Went to get my car inspection sticker got gigantic red R one. Just keep piling it on. I can take it. Don't worry about me. I'll be ok.
ID	4	my tummy hurts
ID	2	just contributed to economic stimulus at Wal Mart - un expected tire replacements
ID	2	@AutismInsights laundry instead of sitting here. that darn laundry keeps mocking me.
ID	3	I have a headache...
ID	2	I'm so lost without my laptop. And no break again for me today. Made even worse that the 2 big bosses of skipton showed up today
ID	4	@Hi_Im_Chris and i cant get to mine  keep getting an error
ID	2	Math is amazing and hell at the same time  socialily that is the naiv part is fine.
ID	2	@thomasfiss we miss you
ID	3	wish i can be with her every day
ID	3	ano pa bang aasahan ko sa iyo? you never fail to FAIL me.
ID	0	Flip flops are a menace! I've cut one of my feet  Ouchies.
ID	1	Flip flops are a menace! I've cut one of my feet  Ouchies.
ID	3	weekend!! even though I have work
ID	3	at the office, trying to solve the mystery of whose blood is that in the  bathroom toilet.... eewwwww
ID	3	@tenuousness: aoh is one of the best bands. they played my frosh, i was stoked. i have to work tonight, or else i'd totally be there!
ID	3	The best I could do for proof of the crack  LOL  http://twitpic.com/66ust
ID	4	Was talking to Vincent  Miss him so baadly.
ID	2	I think a cat is trapped in my back garden but cant find it. Hopefully its in someone elses garden, dont fancy finding a poorly cat
ID	2	I don't have enough close contacts on twitter to do follow friday  #followfriday
ID	0	@redhalo_pax That sucks.
ID	1	@redhalo_pax That sucks.
ID	4	Mourning Venus' Third Round Loss....
ID	2	@vanessathomas ugh some stupid teenagers just showed up. My peaceful time is over
ID	4	@jonkragel I have been sick for like 5 days now...
ID	2	@cfieds  i'm sorry to hear that
ID	3	to all members of CF! check your facebook in computer immediately. a sweet video from Gulardi is waiting for you all. made me teary
ID	2	Panera is not being nice to my iPhone
ID	0	Just here at work........just got out of a meeting with my staff.... I had to be the big bad boss today.
ID	1	Just here at work........just got out of a meeting with my staff.... I had to be the big bad boss today.
ID	2	@bungandy easy for you to say. you walk away first.  I'm sorry but I'm not ready yet. I haven't finish caring for you.
ID	3	@isuhin O dear. so you're going to be fucking that kiddoe and I'm going to sit there doing..  nothing! awesome  WHERES THE SHOPPING?!&lt;3
ID	2	@blkademic what's the matter?
ID	4	@Cece602 no it's just going to be me we couldn't come up with enough money to get his ticket
ID	0	why the hell is it raining!! i hate the rain.
ID	1	why the hell is it raining!! i hate the rain.
ID	2	I am craving Burrito Boys - Large halibut, with everything on it, no jalepenos, 1 line hot sauce. Can anybody hook me up?
ID	2	OK guess I need to do actual work now.  How long until 5 pm? Oh no. I may have to ditch early.
ID	4	i failed at cutting and peeling the mangoes  hah. it was weird trying and my father did it like it was nothing.
ID	2	i miss her ..... i hope she comes back
ID	4	isn't lookin 4ward 2 work 2mz.. n if its gna b like 2day-weatherwise- itl b even worse  xo
ID	2	@cazzac i hope he is ok too. i miss him  and the doc better not be a douchenozzle, ill be one right back!
ID	4	@joycewaddle like almost above my sholders
ID	3	@Bronte9 Hugs to hubby! I'll probably be in the same place come the 1st of September.
ID	4	@melissajeanine ew.  sorry zach
ID	4	@LindseyNHess I agree 100^%! It's a great day! If only I had a window to see it...
ID	2	Wow, mosquitoes in the backyard suck.  So does coughing myself half to death in the middle of the night and keeping Cassidy awake too.
ID	2	@l0RENElAiNE I'm not goin have a way out there til b.dix gets off  but we swimming tomorrow !
ID	2	gonna have to eat something, I feel so horrid.  I need a hug!
ID	4	Trip to DC next week canceled.  So, no Artomatic or beer with @genehack.
ID	4	I'm going on an excursion this week, so I won't be twitting....
ID	2	My back hurts and I'm meant to be going out tonight, poor the Rik
ID	2	Waiting for nearly an hour at the bank
ID	3	@foxforcefive Headaches suck, especially stress related ones. I used to get those a lot.  &lt;3
ID	2	@hjn119 you can crash, you will just have to drive alone  Besides... I can't crash, I gotta work! LOL ;)
ID	3	@evanlyoko Yay! At least I'll get to see you next year! I'm sad, too.
ID	3	Just got done working with Nate today...got another 100%! Yippee!! He's going on vacation next week, so I have to brave Calc on my own.
ID	4	@paulo_one yes it went down smooth! Too bad I have to get back to work though  how are you enjoying your Friday?
ID	2	@geekandahalf I'm not donating sweetie, I was at the doctor.
ID	4	@MouseGoesSqueak ahhhh.same here with Geometry, like i said b4, if i didn't have it, i would be graduated!! so i feel ur pain hun!
ID	2	snotty nose  poorly chest! this is not good!
ID	3	I wish I had a dog
ID	2	@AFtheAWESOMEone what's wrong?
ID	3	home from taking Nick home - a little lighter in pocket after being flashed by a speed camera
ID	4	I can't comment directly to someone...... and I'm here all alone
ID	4	i hate getting put on steroids. my face
ID	3	@JohnAmussen @amadril @1txsage1957 @Vickie09 #followfriday thank you so much. I'm so behind. Still at about half of what I had.
ID	4	@scavengerlor LoL Clever I'm Extremely Jealous Of The Amount Of Followers You Have  I Only Have 24
ID	2	@LisaTalkingTots Oh my goodness!  How AWFUL
ID	4	@SaschaIllyvich i guess that means you didn't beta-read either of my stories, huh?
ID	4	We are so sad the beautiful Marisa dresses are leaving today (tear)
ID	2	@osbug I keep trying but no, I didn't win  Had the right answer though! Trick question!
ID	4	Refusing to accept that the US holiday is over. Heading to Woodies Longboard  Diner in um ... Hove...
ID	4	just got back home, shit.. again meeting tmrw,staying at sea view, i even dont my fresh undergarments  tiring, 13 hrs working days
ID	4	Manchester was wayyyyy to busy!  so warm today also! :'(
ID	4	i lost friends, when i didnt do anything
ID	2	@19christopher92 WHAT'S UP MY HOMIEEEEEEEEEEE ???? I MISS YOU LIVE LAST NIGHT  I HOPE YOUR ON TONIGHT . I WILL HIT YOU UP CUTIE
ID	4	Day off with nothing to do
ID	4	bad day
ID	2	@fightingfatigue Got any tips for a mum of a 14 yr old with CFS who can't sleep at night. He falls asleep about 4a.m. till midday or so
ID	2	waiting for @nickyjames to wake up...... hazin a sad
ID	4	Wish I was eating lunch w/ @laddiecatherine and @ophieracine
ID	2	is gutted she isnt going out tonight
ID	3	boo! i can't sleep again  saying hi to random people
ID	0	@hyper_baffoon ooh if youre on the computer making your playlist come online pls, im bored now that ive blocked everyone again
ID	1	@hyper_baffoon ooh if youre on the computer making your playlist come online pls, im bored now that ive blocked everyone again
ID	0	Twenty minutes on a fucking call you would think that the person would mention there is already a trouble ticket investigating the issue
ID	1	Twenty minutes on a fucking call you would think that the person would mention there is already a trouble ticket investigating the issue
ID	3	Back with a great time spent with my cousins...technically uncles and aunts!also had an icecream...it dint taste that good
ID	2	Momz rubz it in tht im NOT goin to the musiq soulchild contest. How RUDE!
ID	4	@Christy_Edmonds Oh, I'm sorry   You'll have lots of fun though, should be a great time!
ID	4	I kno I'm behind the times on this one, but I just learned that Troy &quot;t-bag&quot; Dixon died back on dec. 8th 2008. RIP Troy.
ID	2	so much to do by 1 pm. i don't think i'm going to get it all done
ID	2	So its my bday weekend and shit is already headed south...might have to drive to atl tonight
ID	2	With E3 coming up the worst possible thing happened. No not swine flu! not AIDS! RROD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ID	3	@tommcfly Toooooom! Do a tour in the Philippines, pleeease?  I'm risking my health to get your reply. Haha!
ID	2	God, I HATE scary movies. They are not at all. I'm such a wimpy.
ID	2	starting PN lean coaching next week. can't wait, I'm about 5% compliant right now   #PNLC
ID	2	Worried for my cousin and her son
ID	0	@frostedbetty Oh, I'm so sorry. I feel your pain. I can't kill them either, and I'm always the one that finds them. Why is that?
ID	1	@frostedbetty Oh, I'm so sorry. I feel your pain. I can't kill them either, and I'm always the one that finds them. Why is that?
ID	2	I wish I could buy blink 182 presale tickets, but I totally don't have the money right now. Guess I have to wait for general admission...
ID	2	@TNAaddicted Damn
ID	3	FRIDAY!! I gotta work tommorow tho
ID	2	@bbraden08 aww me sry  that was me yesterday ....
ID	3	I need to buy a cheap verizon phone
ID	0	ahh I hate being sick  Watching atonement! and sleeping
ID	1	ahh I hate being sick  Watching atonement! and sleeping
ID	0	@beachnerbum I hate June gloom. I was getting so excited for the beach.
ID	1	@beachnerbum I hate June gloom. I was getting so excited for the beach.
ID	0	1 week before the palm pre comes out and my centro dies. I have a temp phone but my contacts aren't transfered yet. #sadpanda #fb
ID	1	1 week before the palm pre comes out and my centro dies. I have a temp phone but my contacts aren't transfered yet. #sadpanda #fb
ID	4	@sarahbellafina sleep? I need to go to my mums but by the time I get there, Clara will be in bed
ID	2	Omg my head still hurts, i need to get my comics today so i got to hurry  lol
ID	4	Just burned my tongue!!
ID	4	is sad cuz my mommy leaves to indy today
ID	4	I'm off to a fun filled evening at a funeral home ...  Joy.
ID	2	Staging consult ltr 2day in beautiful town of Dundas. X Files filmed episode there once. Think I'll run in2 David Duchovny? Probably not
ID	4	Ugh the delivery was postponed, shes not having the baby til 5 and i'll be at work
ID	4	At work my head hurts a little due to my neck! I hate when I sleep wrong!
ID	2	@HLJx lol thanks!there scary to wear though
ID	4	@mscrismusic wish u was in the D!
ID	3	@luvinmycurves womp womp woooomp!
ID	2	@inyourvan Well I guess the McCafe=tastes like shit cured ur craving? You get the McSkillet? Me Wants
ID	2	Haavent read the paper yet about the magic loss nor did i get to watch the game last night.... But i do know that we lost
ID	2	i feel sick after that oreo and cheesecake milkskake  lol
ID	2	I haven't logged onto Minto.com in like 3 months and what I saw upset me  Gotta do better!
ID	0	God I HATE scary movies. They are not fun at all. I'm such a wimpy.
ID	1	God I HATE scary movies. They are not fun at all. I'm such a wimpy.
ID	2	@clinton_kelly Bummed about the maxi dresses!  I think they're so cute for summer but I'm only 5'4&quot;!
ID	2	@Selly06 that is never good especially on a friday night
ID	4	@chaletlaforet shit that is awful... could not believe it at first... so sad
ID	2	@sbenzur haha! sorry to hear that
ID	4	@brett can you fedex me some pizza? I have to cancel my NYC trip until later this summer
ID	0	ebay should just die! after not using my account for 4 years, i cant unlock it. and their support is dead, aka: auto-hello-scripts
ID	1	ebay should just die! after not using my account for 4 years, i cant unlock it. and their support is dead, aka: auto-hello-scripts
ID	3	heading to Sam Adams Brewery... but can't sample it when I get there
ID	2	ned to go to beathroom, don't know if i can reach/find clothes. need to walk outsie to get to bathroom. ok at night, not ok in daylight.
ID	4	@elainanic Hope that migraine doesn't stick around for too long.
ID	2	Sunburn ouch
ID	3	@ericworre say hello to Marina Green ... couldn't participate in Barcelona this weeken
ID	4	@calikiks  asap. But..... Kids are asleep. I have a car seat for arianna. We can take her with us? I need to pay vs bill!
ID	2	@thepartyChase u just got me real excited cause i thought teniece was on twitter...
ID	4	@sweetpea2809 Nor here... Sad times
ID	4	@emmielovegood ive tried and tried in the past to learn cockney but sadly its near impossible to find books and things on it over here.
ID	0	@celticfish this is a travesty
ID	1	@celticfish this is a travesty
ID	0	6 freakin days!!  Just a thought...what would I have to look forward to after this?
ID	1	6 freakin days!!  Just a thought...what would I have to look forward to after this?
ID	2	Hows that possible? No rain forecast for Pinkpop? And I have no ticket
ID	2	@tabfam Oh god, that's terrible.
ID	4	Hates leaving teddy ... Now I'm miss both my boys  damn
ID	2	@WFUJerseyJon Curses. Bad timing.  We'll make it happen soon, though.
ID	4	@kujakupoet My computer got screwed to hell by viruses. I just finished wiping the drive and reinstalling Windows XP  I want a Mac...
ID	4	@noiseporn Would defo have done that but Im already booked over t'other side of the country
ID	2	so not in the mood to go to work, but i guess it's gotta be done
ID	3	I *really* want to go to the @coldplay concert tomorrow!!
ID	3	Home until tomorrow. Did my running and spinning. Now time for chiropractor, laundry, shopping, and visiting family. Missing nathan
ID	3	Played  Friendly Gm today(Bulgaria). Def. is on pt., offensively, still working on timing.  Israel on Sun. Gotta cut 2 more players.
ID	3	@DerrickJWyatt Yeah, I'm not really feeling it either. Of course, I don't like the movie line, I wish that we were getting more Animated.
ID	0	left school just now. my new dress broke, the strap ripped off
ID	1	left school just now. my new dress broke, the strap ripped off
ID	2	@pcon34 I have a lot of Hell Yeah, and Rebel Meets Rebel (DAC + Pantera) and like 10 Pantera songs, I can't find my Cowboys From Hell cd
ID	2	@jasonsechrest pups I would LOVE to..BUTT I will be saving lives Saturday night  although I know I am missing a BLAST
ID	2	@gpgirl Nah, could use a hug or three, but even that option is 2,000 miles away!
ID	4	I guess it wasn't meant for me to change it
ID	3	@gdrage LOL that'll teach me to blindly trust amazon search results without reading!
ID	2	@MerewichDaBitch that's at least a band-aid, that PA follows me...makes me feel less left out of the loop
ID	2	Wishing the rain would stay away for a while so that I can go to the pool
ID	0	Got the keys to my new flat - gorgeous weather for weekend - and i'm spending it &quot;PACKING&quot;
ID	1	Got the keys to my new flat - gorgeous weather for weekend - and i'm spending it &quot;PACKING&quot;
ID	2	is it too late to jump on a plane to Richmond, VA and go to the Conditions concert?! ...i think that's a yes  boo my life. and ohio.
ID	2	It looks as though I am sick little friends
ID	3	am planning on going to sleep early, too tired to do any work
ID	3	wzzzzzzzzzup?! its derrek! we r just starting band practice. Jayk Skylar is leaving for california today. lucky.
ID	4	@sexxieluv dang....just so far away aren't I?    Darn I'll just have to dream
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/66vdn - I miss my babyyy
ID	2	WORKK! yay
ID	4	@kylehamilton Wow, just saw your Tweet about the Proflowers fiasco. That's so not fun!
ID	4	@diesel_26 i wish you were here to take care of me
ID	4	because I just lost my first Field Notes notebook 6 pages before filling it up!! RIP  #fieldnotes
ID	2	hates not being able to see his monitor. I have about 25 minutes before the sun is not blinding me
ID	2	@larrygadea  but I'm sure you'll find a new set of challenges at twitter. Best of luck.
ID	3	Just looked at the date...today the one year anniversary of my Grandmother...miss her mane   um sad
ID	2	@KarenAlloy I cried like a baby when we had to put our cat down 2 years ago...  For tears of happiness watch this http://bit.ly/qLwbe
ID	3	I would LOVE to ride the superman right now...
ID	2	@serena_eliza ohhhh that makes sense then. 8D and i need to reread the lotr trilogy, i lost the three books a long time ago and i'm sad.
ID	2	@farafaizul cost of living also very cheap, but no social life, that's what i'm scared of. Being boring and having a dull life.
ID	0	I am up, and having to deal with another rainy day  What the hell happened to summer, its so freakin cold!
ID	1	I am up, and having to deal with another rainy day  What the hell happened to summer, its so freakin cold!
ID	4	didnt enjoy having to say goodbye to alex, v emotional times  but the sun is making me happy !
ID	2	Very bummed I can't go to the @shiftworkspace open house today.   DD and I woke up with a stomach bug.  Blech.  Y'all have fun!
ID	3	@mike03p IM SOWWIE I WAS A LIL LATE  LOL it looked good though ;)
ID	4	Brother #3 is wandering around the house in his underwear. As charming for his 2 sisters as it is for the other female guests, I'm sure
ID	2	I don't want to lose my wisdom teeth, they make me wise. I will soon be without a trace of wisdom
ID	2	Is trying to buy a new bible...but they just aren't the same...why did my dogs have to chew it up?
ID	3	Photo: So I still havnt hooked up my editing comp  I know you guys miss my artwork, so Ive decided to... http://tumblr.com/xeh1wetiq
ID	2	Victor drew Hannah Montanna in my yearbook.hahaha. I'm going to miss my 2nd per SO much
ID	4	Damn. Stephane doesn't even feel sorry for me. Off to work then
ID	3	@letsdrawmistle it was really good sally! you should have beeeeen there!  xxxx
ID	3	Excited to see the girls today; @takinakab its boring at work without you
ID	2	Suddenly sick with the flu and quite sad about it
ID	4	@NancyLeeGrahn IS she in grade 5?  I can't do my daughters grade 4 math...soo sad
ID	0	Just got to work  Today is going to be another long ass day!
ID	1	Just got to work  Today is going to be another long ass day!
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/66vld - i don't like this bangs! I want my hair back!
ID	4	dis damn usb charger is good for nothin. gotta find that verizon store. my fone been dead since last nite
ID	2	I'm glad I don't have class on Fridays. I need the break! Algebra test on Wednesday
ID	2	spent the whole day editing in Pro Tools...i luvvv this thing and am becoming quite the pro, but it gives me insane headaches.
ID	2	@itsgabbith oh no!  thats no good! I pierced  my bottom lip on the right side...myself in 12th grade, but we had a no piercings dress code
ID	4	@mdfogarty Im so very sad that i am at work today and cant win tickets
ID	2	@DrRonVonDoom @derrickjdavis it might be the swine flu! haha 'cause i've got the flu
ID	4	the sun burned me today....my arms look angry  Party tonight tho babes! woop!
ID	2	So sad...  John Cryer's ex-wife Sarah Trigger  charged with abusing their son. He had rope marks around his neck   http://digg.com/u14MCf
ID	0	Walking to class. I hate not having a bike....especially mine.
ID	1	Walking to class. I hate not having a bike....especially mine.
ID	4	I need to get in a good, hard workout today after work, I feel like I've been slacking! No good
ID	2	This poor butterfly was dead  http://twitpic.com/66vlw
ID	4	Bloody exams next week
ID	3	the start of my day was finding a lump on my body... went to the hospital... apparently its nothing! fewfffff! bloodtests suck...  haha
ID	2	This is a joke surely? http://prune.it/WEAt
ID	0	@keirkafka I love it. Tell me it didn't match my shirt perfectly. Can you just not move PLEASE? What am I supposed to do without you?
ID	1	@keirkafka I love it. Tell me it didn't match my shirt perfectly. Can you just not move PLEASE? What am I supposed to do without you?
ID	2	Am i the only one experiencing problems logging into digital point forums ???
ID	4	@thecomicproject It's sunny and hot in London today, while I sit in office cranking spreadsheets
ID	2	@NeyomFriday I'm here!... Jdubb is @ his funky job...I guess.. We're neglected
ID	2	#BSNL, Stupid net went down.. Been without email for a whole day
ID	2	@murphyusa why aren't you following me you bastard?! you're my own brother...
ID	3	@millionsbyname Jared's wearing a green shirt? *SPARKLY EYES* YEE!! I hear #asylm is highly disorganized  hang in there!
ID	4	@indysawhney seems like u r just pushing your #wcm site. i really cant beleive you are an IT pro and havent heard of #joomla or #drupal.
ID	4	Is working all weekend
ID	2	@Extrange I'm totally impressed!  I could only wish to be an otaku!  Instead...I just get horrible nosebleeds when I see bishonen
ID	2	@Kel_Kel_17 ehh carnt stand hot weather
ID	2	Ugh feeling sick to my stomach and I have five more hours of work to go
ID	3	? THANK YOU @WINKII sana matanggap ako  http://plurk.com/p/x1yts
ID	4	Beer, garden, IPOD, Friday night, shame I've got to work tomorrow
ID	2	@AugustGrrl oh no! Whats up chuck?
ID	3	@chenks seen that!  hopefully ebay replacement  will work for you!  but take it to bits anyway! lol
ID	3	working my way through this casualties discography.  have to pull weeds later  ...
ID	2	Hour fifteen drive. Just left, bored and ate half my food already
ID	2	50 is sooo much better than 65  my biology score's so bad.
ID	4	is back from the park and is very sunburnt  cant wait 4 @totallywiredm 2night,and is gonna get smashed..bein sober jst wnt b as fun!
ID	4	@jhaywardbenzal ouch. I hate it when that happens.
ID	4	@AdamBMusic ik, i feel sooo bad for them
ID	2	@JoJolike i tried phoning you
ID	4	WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?!?! Last night and this morning SUCKED... More moving tonight.
ID	4	i need a jb but i dread the fact that it will have to be retail this summer
ID	2	Up and moving... my dad home when he should be working.. im due to work at 12
ID	2	My invisibleSHIELD has gone a yellow pissy colour! Don't look good!
ID	0	I'm drawning in emails
ID	1	I'm drawning in emails
ID	2	No twang photopass for tonite
ID	3	@DissidentFury Good morning, sis! Alas, it'll be time for me to say goodnight soon.
ID	4	@geminianeyes it didnt  - from research the traffic in this beautiful system of twitter is approx 100msg/second.. mine only grabs 6msg/sec
ID	4	Starting to get sad.
ID	4	Feel like death  evil headache and need to pack and drive to parents. Bum.
ID	2	Memorizing the first 18 lines of the General Prologue of The Canterbury Tales. Ughhh.
ID	2	Big Header Folio (http://bit.ly/MYmeA  has been up 2 hours, no sales yet  I'm really impatient lol
ID	4	i reaaally need you
ID	4	@lifesaver45 that sucks.
ID	2	@YarnThing oh Marly, I'm so sorry!!  I hope you find her soon!! &lt;3 &lt;3
ID	2	someone broke into my car big time = having a really bad day
ID	4	@cindyefolson the signal that makes your internet &quot;go&quot; is pretty bad  getting a tech out will get that fixed up, though!
ID	2	@tommcfly Have you guys heard about the flu that's been going around? Swine Flu? Hope you guys are safe  There've been deaths already. :-S
ID	4	R.I.P. Sammie the Cat
ID	3	@skybluetom4 Ha Ha thanks Tom! I'm such a loser! Hopefully going on the 22nd June till 3rd July...what date u goin? u missing helen?  x
ID	2	Pressly Anne Hamm misses her mommy while she is in Texas  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6480360
ID	3	@Deb124 yeah i got ur text! well ive only been on summer break for a week, and so far its been boring... all i do is watch tennis matches
ID	0	I had to postpone the photoshoot. Stupid Wisconsin weather. Why can't it be sunny? Working out, tanning, preschool grad night, then out!
ID	1	I had to postpone the photoshoot. Stupid Wisconsin weather. Why can't it be sunny? Working out, tanning, preschool grad night, then out!
ID	2	I can't believe I thought I had a morning shift today and told Alex that I could take him to the airport.  His flight is during my shift!
ID	2	Shit my neighbors dog just died.. it was hit by a damn car.. feeling really sad
ID	4	at home. have very sore feet. and am sad because the sale of my grandas house just went through. miss you
ID	2	@Vasilicious Did you get your free chocolate?!? I still haven't gotten my email.
ID	3	@ArnaudJacobs haha yeah this is improving my nite big time!!  i have to make a skype call soon tho, so will have to tear myself away..
ID	4	In the middle of breakfast the school called.Yep...back to get Shey...AGAIN.3rd migraine this week or maybe one that never went away
ID	3	@xac Reminders are good! Speaking of which, we haven't had a Posture Check in awhile.....
ID	2	How did I manage to schedule all my bills to eat my money all at the same time?  EVE, rent and phone are all within a couple days -.-
ID	3	Maaaaaan what a lovely day, shame that the ice-cream man near our workplace decided there was business elsewhere before we got a 99
ID	2	Alcohol makes me tired. And I miss and want him so much. It hurts
ID	2	ok...so i'm Twittin from my computer...its gonna be bad when i get on my phone.. cause ima be lost like shit
ID	2	I REALLY wish I was spoiled!
ID	2	Rest in peace Sheeba. You will be very missed. I'm off to go cry now.
ID	2	today is going to be a long day
ID	4	Damn...the right side of my earphones just stopped working all of a sudden. Now I need to buy new ones...
ID	4	ooh my icecream's gone  oh no wait i got another 2 boxes on the freezor! yumm
ID	0	last night in cork  and come tomorrow i wont even remember it... double sad face  haha... in the words on lily allen.. NOT FAIR!
ID	1	last night in cork  and come tomorrow i wont even remember it... double sad face  haha... in the words on lily allen.. NOT FAIR!
ID	4	I have never had a Starbucks coffee in my entire life, people keep making me jealous
ID	4	@ScrapShoppeEtsy rt i have had few hearts the past few days on etsy  boo hoo....totally the same for me too ((((((
ID	3	@Rae4OSU where ya at girlie...haven't heard from you in a while  missing your cheery disposition...LOL
ID	2	Momma martini went food shopping without me!!!!
ID	0	Grrr..stupid internet connection ruined a great scrabble game
ID	1	Grrr..stupid internet connection ruined a great scrabble game
ID	2	My whole body back pain treatment and detox starts Monday. Not looking forward to a summer of hot yoga and healthy food.
ID	2	I dont think my twitpic is working
ID	2	Just updated my To-Do List (notepad, need something else?) with Flickr and downloads. Internet being slow and sluggish
ID	3	is sooo close to finishing her exams  role on monday and i will have my life back.
ID	2	Gotta drop off some car parts for a buddy to press out, then to the dentist!    http://yfrog.com/0a7v3j
ID	2	Hmmm I am very stuck, I have uploaded a picture but it doesn't show up :S I urgently need serious Twitter help  lol
ID	4	I think Ive buggered up my mobile  ack. I am a stubborn arse and refuse to get a new one.
ID	4	Weekend is getting close. Too bad I'll be stuck up north  Hopefully I'll be able to get out next weekend for some real life fun.
ID	3	Outside for just about 1 hour, the sun was bloody hot - no tan  Wait for monday then will spend around 2 hours outside ;)
ID	2	@DarkAeon Alas, the best I can offer is a small pony and a rowing boat
ID	3	@cwpicketandco It's pretty warm out now! I forgot K was sick though.
ID	4	@Steffisticated If they recorded it and sent it to people, they obviously meant for it to get out there.  But if they didn't, I feel bad.
ID	4	have to put my dog down tomorrow.
ID	4	My sunglasses broke
ID	3	@pixiexlee Ahh but but  haha They're so cute together!! &gt;_&lt; cutest couple really! he's so sweet !
ID	2	i lost my nintendogs, it's very upsetting.
ID	0	Geez I'm hating bein at work till 10 on a day like this I feel like its a wasted lovley day
ID	1	Geez I'm hating bein at work till 10 on a day like this I feel like its a wasted lovley day
ID	2	Has a bad headache
ID	2	@Jeefthepirate @thedeadknight I know it's sad. But back in 05 the auto industry didn't understand that iPhones would change our lives
ID	2	i have three hours to do my hair. and it STILL won't be straight
ID	3	i told myself i wasn't gonna cry and then one kid that everyone made fun of all year said &quot;it's been a good year&quot;
ID	2	@hepcatrayo  so sorry, I just found the members preview has been sold out for awhile. It opens at Noon to the general public
ID	2	exhausted and sick... my face is greenish
ID	4	waiting for aaron to get into town, and then leave him for work. booo
ID	2	does not feel like babysitting. i want to go to the gym. weird, i know. i miss zack
ID	3	Its Friday! Only 5 more hours until I'm free!.....until tomorrow.  oh well
ID	2	I hope amy is okai
ID	2	i am so stressed and sad about pugsly missing. i hope hes okay. i am stuck at otrip and cant look for him  someone post his pic on FB 4 me
ID	2	@MBLeah Unfortunately, no.
ID	2	@Jojosvoice Bro. Martin!! I need you to repent!! Pam said we were going to get to meet you last wknd...
ID	2	@AbeerAK woooooow I wanna join the maseera, but on bed rest can't drive  R thy going crazy or its the boring type?
ID	2	Bleargh. I can never clean as much of my house as I want to before work, no matter how early I wake up. Today: sink, laundry.
ID	0	@bitterpurl I don't even look at their fabric unless I need polar fleece.   It's worth the extra $ to go to Needle and Thread.
ID	1	@bitterpurl I don't even look at their fabric unless I need polar fleece.   It's worth the extra $ to go to Needle and Thread.
ID	0	Today in the friendly game one asshole hit me in the knee. Now, I'm lying in bed with a heating cream (stinks) and ice. bore very much
ID	1	Today in the friendly game one asshole hit me in the knee. Now, I'm lying in bed with a heating cream (stinks) and ice. bore very much
ID	2	well paisley has one of those cone things around her head...SO funny but I feel bad for her
ID	3	Everyone is so sad about the no touching rule.  You still get to see them! More than most of us get!
ID	2	@top5jamaica yeah man, they brought it back on the market a couple years ago...it scarce through
ID	4	@dsml dont depress me  I have the mother-in-law staying the weekend. Someone else to wait on other than the kids!
ID	4	@BigzFlygerian sorry but I'm not impressed in the slightest b/c u don't eat pussy..more like saddened and confused
ID	0	OMG The LG KC910 touchscreen fone is such a pile of shite!! Roll on new contract in 18 months
ID	1	OMG The LG KC910 touchscreen fone is such a pile of shite!! Roll on new contract in 18 months
ID	4	: why is it so cold!?!?!
ID	3	@ChantiParnell I wana be there num 1 fan  sharsies??!!!
ID	3	thinking of you - Katy Perry
ID	4	@Starry1968 you're surrounded by them! I have no official nieces/nephews yet
ID	4	is becoming edgy bcause the lappy has not arrive yet
ID	4	Another favorite local place bites the dust: Con Sabor Cubano, the place I go to for the most amazing Cuban sammiches, is closed
ID	2	@MissJo_Jo I took pics but I cant find my camera chord to upload them  my cell phone doesnt do justice. It feels like nothings on
ID	3	@ArnaudJacobs haha well i was at my friend's party, but then i realized i forgot my stepmom's bday, so i had to come home to call her!
ID	2	@unaffected @warpdesign @cianan @mikedelgado Byebye web buddies  The cubes look so sad... SRoach I had no idea you are BigToach.
ID	3	@loribartolozzi I just found out 5 minutes ago  mama said his speech is still slurred but he seems to be doing ok
ID	4	@meerasapra seriously.. it used to spend most of the time in my house..
ID	2	@archetypo no kidding, the trends are pretty much useless now. Too bad
ID	2	yeaaaahh lunch but no food/money
ID	2	heading out to the park with the kids - hope it does not rain -looking cloudy?
ID	2	Getting a cleaning on tues then getting a tooth pulled on thurs. Then gotta schedule a bridge that might need a root canal--ugh.
ID	2	@Draconator its brokey
ID	4	Where is the boss... I'd like to have my check and leave please!
ID	4	We're not gonna be able to talk again
ID	2	sad today...neighbour taking down beautiful willow tree
ID	3	damnnn this day came to fast, but i cherished all the moment i had
ID	2	@bmerten85 @anthonycolaneri Pool party? Why wasn't I informed????
ID	4	michael scholfield is no more. He is dead. I am sorry
ID	0	@JuiceOwens WHATS THE VIDEO?? I CANT WATCH IT!
ID	1	@JuiceOwens WHATS THE VIDEO?? I CANT WATCH IT!
ID	4	had a good day but im now skint again
ID	2	@fashionish OOuUch!...good luck
ID	2	@mamapennington im the only one in the office! and I jammed the copier
ID	2	@lauryqui  we're gonna miss you. dont worry, there will be more for sure!
ID	3	Finally got to wash my hair! I feel much better now, but I gotta dry it ... Effffffort.
ID	2	I though the clothes of AW0910 Collection from +9 designers will be there, together with the visual arts, but it is not
ID	3	David Mitchell's presenting 'Have I Got News For You' tonight &lt;3 I love him! I think he's ace &lt;3 On another note, damn this headache
ID	3	i love him..i hate him..i loved him yesterday...ill hate him tomorrow....damn im confused
ID	2	@mustntgrumble ha!The potential is there but so is the loss of fingers, think you can get the PO to do it? At a charge and not full proof
ID	2	has now found a bug in the RHEL5 bnx2 driver   Cant handle high packets per second (&gt; 50k)
ID	4	gross. it's hot, and there's cotton EVERYWHERE.. hello allergies.
ID	3	baby i need you , right here , right now
ID	2	#followfriday @RoRuby although she doesnt consider me a sweetheart to
ID	0	is so gutted she can't get tickets for pink!
ID	1	is so gutted she can't get tickets for pink!
ID	4	Thought she wuz my best friend...
ID	2	@stuartnewman So sorry  Definitely getting it out this weekend.
ID	4	Is still tired  due to late nights out and work and has to b up early again 2moro 4 work bad times!
ID	3	@tinabojo Wish I was there!
ID	2	Again, No P.F. Changs for lunch    Booooo
ID	4	Oh well, there go my hopes for seamless transfer of blog  however I am now on track and will have it up and running sometime this eve
ID	2	@evlover0327 ...I will take some...I am tiny
ID	3	moving 11 blocks up the street. goodbye hardwood floors
ID	2	@Jadeyyg  haa I'm so exciteddd woooo
ID	2	@ireallydohate I had to look at it 3 times before it sunk in, totally shocked by it  tbh.
ID	2	sore from ultimate... trying to figure out how to pay for school next semester...
ID	2	missing loverboy so much
ID	2	Quick answer, when do I put the bleach in the wash?? In the start or middle..  don't laugh @ me..
ID	4	Im so tired and sick  i have to be better on Sunday so i can sing morning and night
ID	3	going camping in a coupla hours. gotta pack everything... by myself
ID	3	@tommcfly I really hope you see my tweets. Sent you so much, I swear. Do a tour in the Philippines, please?  *prays*
ID	2	@JetGirlArt same as I... to bad I'm a programmer only in this company
ID	4	@danecook Sooo SAD I will miss you here in San Diego!!!
ID	2	@Peapods ooow those look painful, poor bb
ID	2	time to get to work. i'm already starting the day off bad. missed the UP screening  this morning at the el capitan
ID	4	@ work again
ID	3	@finalscoreB3G2  How nice
ID	2	So i have done absolutely NOTHING all day today...how pitiful is that...smdh...guess I cant go out 2nite, I gotta work  booo @me
ID	2	Nooo i wanna watch the comet  dont wanna go workk!!!
ID	2	Bar exam madness:  topic for today is torts
ID	4	BREAKING NEWS: The broiler at Burger King is down. There will be no burgers at Burger King at lunch!  At least Chicken Fries were there!
ID	2	Around 3 hours left until a 3 day weekend and I have waaaay too much work to do.
ID	2	@randiohdesigns Didn't think of that.  Why can't people just be nice? Why would anyone think it's ok to say that, much less make a movie.
ID	2	I want to party down!
ID	2	Awwww ur already gone
ID	4	Time flies...and i never got it all right. Why oh why?
ID	4	I am loving this sunshine and hating the thought of my office without windows
ID	2	@Lidybeth inooo arent they just  i wanna just go down there now an meet kyle again.. im too obsessed its not fair!
ID	2	@enave22 Hey! You have a bunch of events on facebook that jenny and i aren't invited to...  we're sad
ID	3	I want it to rain today! Like full thunderstorm style! But it probably won't
ID	3	Trying to shop online wis I could find sevens for 40.  haha
ID	3	@anthonycashcash  you better come back soon! &lt;3
ID	3	i wish paramore would come to ireland
ID	3	10 more days to go for Freedom!!!!!! Damn these xams!!
ID	2	@HeadHardHat I'm so sorry to hear your bad news.  I will send happy thoughts your way that you find a new job very soon!
ID	3	@etdragon i'm playing good because i'm a big baby
ID	0	is somewhat irritated by people coming up to me and asking if I'm so and so from TV, or that I look familiar. I thought I was original.
ID	1	is somewhat irritated by people coming up to me and asking if I'm so and so from TV, or that I look familiar. I thought I was original.
ID	3	I'm having a fantastically miserable time so far...
ID	2	am but mom...  because my princess got pneumonia....
ID	2	@LegendaryWriter Good!! Busy as heck but good. Feeling yucky at the moment.
ID	3	@moefugger drag me to hell looks so freakin scary  watch terminator! it was really good.
ID	3	Listening 2 music @ home all alone lol  who wants 2 come over &amp; hang with me LOL!!
ID	2	i don't wanna work over the weekend
ID	3	@clothes_w thank you..
ID	2	@tronella Cool! I have one (from a decluttering friend), but I don't know how to play
ID	4	Selling my Bonnaroo ticket.  Can't get any time away from work. Anyone in the DC area interested? I can meet up!
ID	2	everybody is sick
ID	4	@inlovewitharmy Southridge was moved a week later cause of Swine flu, i think
ID	2	@ajlnike09 omg wtf why is there a porn site following me?!
ID	4	@DanielFielding Yeah. It totally sucks.  I hate not being able to breathe! Thanks for the ff!
ID	4	@zarigee i got mcdonalds, surpisingly its not a popular drunk food option.  its sucks that all diners aren't 24hrs here anymore
ID	4	Oh My God ..  sad day ..
ID	2	@JAKAZiD I made the mistake of NOT avoiding the latest Bonkers. I think my image of the series is tainted upon repair. AATW ruined it
ID	2	At the dentist. I liked it better when the dentist is the client. Now I'm the patient.  http://www.DamienSmithPhotography.com
ID	2	I should've known something would go wrong. The van is having problems. Oh please tell me it will not cost us an arm and a leg
ID	0	The trains turned into a microwave
ID	1	The trains turned into a microwave
ID	3	@benandskin Ah GDit! Ranger game this afternoon
ID	4	Working late with only The House of Love for company. Just what I want to be doing on a summer evening when I should be out with people
ID	4	any other Mac users completely given up on Google Chrome?
ID	4	@BiggaBX Yes, It's only fair  lol
ID	3	@DEWz_PingPong Awww I'm teaching my son (when I have one) those manners!  Too many boys are lacking those!
ID	2	@BrinnaBarlow try being my height in small cars  not much fun specially on bumbpy country roads! haha
ID	3	@BlacksilkBlog Hugs to you for not being able to shag Crush anymore  x
ID	4	so much for a day off- I've been on my feet, all over the place, all day!
ID	4	@TiwuRayie geez! one time in a row.. patience! good things comes to those who patience. lol. i wish i could sleepover..
ID	3	Out if class!! Yow party + four hour lecture don't mix attal!! I had to drink 3 red bulls &amp; I'm still sleepy .,,,,smh! Alrite bedtime
ID	3	cant decide on wht i wanna do with the rest of my day...i think i may go bk 2 sleep  woe is me! uugghh! lol
ID	2	@blumchen OH MAN I WOULD BUT I'M FRESH OUT
ID	4	@suzbooze I wanna go, but I so freaking broke   Have fun for me
ID	4	thirty minutes turned into three hours. oops
ID	4	YawNnnnn _slight headache n hangover grrr
ID	4	i miss the one who would do anything to spend 5 min with me... the one who used to say just tell me when and where
ID	3	*pokes and runs away* ... I WANT SUGAR !
ID	3	@Sicknastyjessie  i know. it sucks
ID	3	@misskitty05 i wish i had a 12hr nap!!  lets talk rachel into getting one of these now.. lol
ID	4	G'night world. Vacations have to end some day.
ID	2	is saddened by Husker Access...no internet!
ID	2	@feliciaodg argh, sorry, he's just been a thorn in my side since we got him. rude, mouthy, etc.
ID	2	i just saw a bird slowly die right next to me
ID	2	i just fell going into my house.. not fun
ID	3	No more drinking for Harm   Doc is convinced that it's the cause of my PCVs (look it up).Told not to stop smoking just yet, that will come
ID	3	Decided I should study  (finger down throat making gaging noises) Hate MFs!!
ID	2	talking to dii and missing her terribly...
ID	4	Omg. I got no sleep again. Neighbors are building a deck &amp; they've been starting @ 5:00am. I'm SO tired. Feel like I just took Benadryl
ID	4	has a gym day and is hoping to enjoy the last Friday of her twenties.
ID	2	@Ms_Eclectic but then you leave
ID	2	Sad that everyone is leaving me.
ID	2	isnt very happy about the fact that her back is hurting today
ID	2	@ayawan that's such a long time from now
ID	4	feels slightly better but damn i sure do miss him.....he's going to be so hard to get over......  i messed it up ...donuts=comfort
ID	2	@shizly does that mean your going to block me?
ID	4	so bored at work, its ridiculous, and my Saturday is going to suck with class in the morning
ID	2	Gotta wait till wednesday for my new guitar to be delivered
ID	2	@alsotop /drool. I still need to 100% the first one
ID	2	Ichigo has been good at Ping&amp;pooping outside but not used to the fact he doesn't have his sister  lonely puppy
ID	2	Im only failing 1 class.... Algebra 2 damn it that shit is hard!
ID	4	Hate being sick  especially when there's no one to pamper me
ID	4	Ugh. Going to skool
ID	3	im so fed up!!!...
ID	4	mcfonalds roulette i i lose. they forgot mygrilled snack wrap
ID	2	I'm very sorry for the little disturbance at #SAPInsidetrack in Palo Alto! Just went into a debugging session when lines unmuted
ID	0	I'm really getting sick ugh Fuckin nursing homes! Laying in bed, might go run later, watch some more movies with Austin. Sara &amp; Sami left
ID	1	I'm really getting sick ugh Fuckin nursing homes! Laying in bed, might go run later, watch some more movies with Austin. Sara &amp; Sami left
ID	4	Playdate cancelled
ID	3	@juliannerowat HAHAHHA lol true that! i always remember my BD but i can never remember what date or even day it is
ID	2	y do i only have 2 people following me  people follow me please x
ID	2	@ArnaudJacobs i'm still such a newbie, but i dont know what i would do without twitter!!
ID	2	@anntorrence @jeremyhall Does anyone update the photowalkingutah google calendar with photowalks?  Looks like I've missed a few
ID	2	Ahhh My Satz blend didn't save
ID	4	PINKPOP weekend &amp; I've got NO tickets, meaning no BRUCE Springsteen  Oh well, it's WWWWWEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEKKKKKEEEENNNNDDDD!!!!!
ID	2	Loaded up box of recyle stuff for Salvation Army,but took  corner too fast..everything is all over the back.Might have to recycle to dump
ID	2	Yay, my train is late... It starts here but it's 15 mins late arriving from London in the first place
ID	2	@jonhatesyou aw my dear i'm sorry
ID	3	@mizzyalana Very nice!  Bea and I are so bummed we can't make it   We should try and get together in the near future.
ID	2	i feel like dyeing right now...
ID	2	SYTYCD:  I wished they kept the 17 y.o. kid...  he would have been good eye candy on the show, and he was really good...  can't wait...
ID	3	has just woken up from a power nap. That feels better! Nothing planned for tonight though
ID	2	Sitting on the bed NOT wanting to go to work
ID	3	@skinnymarie and guess what ! ive got 20 % ! wow its impossible
ID	4	never thought i'd say this, but i miss my 9-5 job, the commute, my cubicle, free food &amp; coffee and being downtown. why did i quit?
ID	3	I really don't want a limo service to take me to the airport  I want him to. Ok soft moment... Don't get use to these!
ID	3	@DVNT Cheers. Wish I had more fonts to play with
ID	3	i ran out of facebook quizzes. lol grocery shopping then work. w00t?
ID	2	my twitter looks funny  someone help!
ID	2	ugh. trying to respond to all of the emails/voicemails/facebook messages that I missed while out of town. this could be a while
ID	4	aaaah taking back sunday are playing in new york 3 days after we leave
ID	2	Then I ruined a perfectly delicious green smoothie by throwing in the last of a bag of frozen strawberries.  Freezer burn.. yum...
ID	4	I dont feel well  i got a dentist appointment later.
ID	0	This is slowly going to drive me crazy i hate leaky faucets they're frustrating! I'm ready for a nap but there's no naptime at work
ID	1	This is slowly going to drive me crazy i hate leaky faucets they're frustrating! I'm ready for a nap but there's no naptime at work
ID	4	@PoynterJones can I join you in your jealousy?  :L
ID	2	needs to wash her cats. Uncool.
ID	2	damn you rhinitis! boohooo my poor nose
ID	2	@LifeCoach2Women  i wasn't able to go the conference.so I didn't get the outline.. however I have been doing my own &amp; it's coming along.
ID	3	What a meeting... YAY more work for me
ID	4	Back @ work, migraine lingering   Can't wait for the weekend!
ID	4	Ugh soooo much work to do today while trying to make the 6:10 train to the game... looking like a 4-5 hour Sunday at the office.
ID	4	@holmescnn Oh, I didn't realize its on at 830 as well- already at work- or as today still in the car, don't ask
ID	3	@livefrombrazil -I don't have a ticket, my boyfriend isn't that into them, it might rain, and I'm on a budget...boo!  I &lt;3 @coldplay tho
ID	3	@carinacani DAMN @-) That's a lot of messages from him @-) HOW SWEET. :&quot;&gt; And yeah, sayang
ID	4	You know your neck is jacked up when you are forced to pay for parking bc you can't turn you head to parallel park in the free spaces...
ID	4	forgot to wish sister happy birthday yesterday.
ID	4	my parents sold my car.
ID	3	Day is going well so far. Meeting until 4 though.
ID	2	@SteveAgl not for me
ID	4	I miss you guys
ID	4	Goodbyes ... Hurt
ID	2	My computer is broken
ID	4	My parents withdrew permission at the last moment, I am not going along with tomorrow's SAC trip to IDP camps  #Pakistan #IDPRelief
ID	2	@jgreco4 Outlook not so good
ID	2	Just discovered a painful sunburn on my right sholder  hopefully it just turns into a tan!
ID	4	enjoying the great sunshine.. from indoors.. I don't feel good today
ID	2	@kakoivisto checked with the hubster and I think we'll pass -- feeling too lazy to caravan after running around with our friends.
ID	4	I'm over @ringorang today.  3 wrong answers in a row.  My brain's not working today.
ID	2	so instead of laying out in this 90 degrees i've gotta give 32 fourth graders miso/rice/sushi/mochi in an hour  fml
ID	2	doesnt want exams next week
ID	2	Damn, looks like the USB card reader that I got from Dealextreme doesn't work. I can see the files on the card but they are read only
ID	4	@lilivonshtupp I'd rather go to the matinee but I have to work  Still debating whether I should go cos going alone is no fun haha
ID	2	is there a program that tells you when someone stops following you or who started following you? Lost one last night and I've only got 85
ID	2	Really disappointed I can't make it to bloomington for @sproutbox launch party tonight  if you're around you should check it out
ID	4	Still havent left the house yet. This is rediculous! REALLY!   S*D*P* &amp; T*K*K*
ID	2	@lauraEchilds u really dont right now! i am as sick as a newt in a freezer! its aweful  x
ID	4	Boys are sitting down for photos, no touching and no handshakes allowed.  #asylm
ID	2	gotta shower then go apply for more jobs  hopefully no creepy old men will be working again today *shudder*
ID	2	My dog Roscoe died yestarday and I'm so sad
ID	0	Never before in the field of human conflict have so many hard drives died on me.   What a waste of a day.
ID	1	Never before in the field of human conflict have so many hard drives died on me.   What a waste of a day.
ID	2	@vargas7 that sucks!!
ID	2	@JonathanRKnight Good morning! Aww, sorry that you were stuck in the airport for 12 hours!!
ID	3	Ok, shortened urls are fine and all but, please, give me more context other than just &quot;cool&quot;. Not everyone has &quot;url-auto-expand&quot;
ID	0	Going to shawnee........I hate the long drive there...i just want to get all this paper work over with
ID	1	Going to shawnee........I hate the long drive there...i just want to get all this paper work over with
ID	3	Found some great places but I might have to play it safer and wait 2 years till my car is paid off
ID	3	@thomasfiss we want you back !!!
ID	4	im still devastated about manchester united losing the UCL final
ID	3	@marcftsk haha thanks for clarifying that.i thought u meant mr bello. I wish i could be there! That where my cousins live
ID	4	Oh darn. Lost another follower.
ID	2	Crazy debt issue. Maybe I had messed up when closing my old account? Not really sure but looks like I may have to cover it - aaargh...
ID	4	i woke up just now missing alabama terribly  my dad says we will be moving there. soon. thank god
ID	3	dang i miss you  goodnight
ID	2	Ugh, I'm definitely going to be sick. It's coming and it's going to suck.
ID	2	Bringing my kitty to the vet tomorrow, I think she's got a tapeworm.
ID	2	is sitting in the marshall center w/Mina. Some1 must really not want me to go to the gym..this time i lost my wallet n w/no ID i cant go
ID	4	@itsfrankybitch  dont make me sad... i do agree tho it does need some more of SA's magical lyrics
ID	3	can't wait to november for Jobros concert ! In examination
ID	2	@StoryShtick Ugh.  Now my ears are having phantom pains.
ID	4	Why is it soooo cold &amp; ugly out??
ID	4	No more Wiffleball..  Damn.
ID	2	@viveknshah kandivali  @100rabh my girls r gonna kill u for that answer! @shaaqt @limeice @unitechy @spitphyre
ID	4	a female robin just flew into my window and I watched her die in my bushes...  i think i am going to cry now...
ID	2	Doctors with mommy.
ID	3	@flattycharn i know the IMUx1000 is not referring to me... (WHO IS IT AH?) but... i miss you
ID	2	Going to the courthouse to pay for tags &amp; taxes on all our cars...this is gonna be expensive.
ID	0	@MoneyMakinMatt shut up fool ....where you been at??? i dontlike the fact that you keep abandoning me
ID	1	@MoneyMakinMatt shut up fool ....where you been at??? i dontlike the fact that you keep abandoning me
ID	4	has bronchitis and is on 3 prescriptions. No fun at all. Had to miss two days in a row of work.
ID	3	wishes I could be the one going to our conference in the Bahamas next week
ID	0	@StaceyVPofWC i was sent home yest from work, when in again today but feel like hell and burning up with a high temp, got it off hubby
ID	1	@StaceyVPofWC i was sent home yest from work, when in again today but feel like hell and burning up with a high temp, got it off hubby
ID	0	Lost at bowling again  why do i suck
ID	1	Lost at bowling again  why do i suck
ID	2	Now Im in the work  , I miss my home, any news?
ID	3	@ryansilk sounds like a great idea.  wish I could make it
ID	2	@iamdiddy I do!!!!!.... I'm single and it sucks!!
ID	3	Stood outsiden got the WORST butterflies everrrrr!
ID	3	@JustTeaching haha nice to know I'm not alone! Working in the BBC and can't see it
ID	4	@nellclothing I cancelled a run in favour of... staying in. Wish I monies for pubulation tho
ID	3	@bryanhowl  @kat10187  You guys can make it through!
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/66xjl - An hour in the sun turned me into a blancmange. Sucks to be pale
ID	2	@sos100 internet billing with fee of 30% and only in 13 countries and a setup cost of 5000 for usa alone
ID	2	is going to shul
ID	2	@chasejustin i can't go tonight   *Cait*
ID	2	I've been reading up on Sims 3 genetics on the Sims 2 forums. Apparently hair dye is passed on to offspring. I'm very disappointed
ID	2	@lilyginny27 @tomfelton no freakin way!  Gah LG... I'm sad for you.  No love for the feltbeats admin...
ID	2	omg, my right hear is blocked and it's so annoying. what if i wake up deaf?   not gonna lie, i'm so scared
ID	2	@swopusa  Damn, I was hoping that was somewhere in the U.S.
ID	3	I want it to be 5 already
ID	4	GrimeStopper loss  client lost their job so we did too. Hope the quote later today turns into more work. Drowned my sorrows w a huge h ...
ID	4	@AnnaVodka I'm sorry to hear that! that makes me sad
ID	2	Chemistry is not fun..
ID	3	@PartyGurle That's great! I will have to do the same as I was forced to miss it. I had to leave for work.
ID	2	Missing brandon. Wanting to talk to anthony. Sadshoes
ID	3	@iamdiddy i need a hug i dnt feel so good
ID	2	@JillzWorth i rarely sleep.. cant help it   hehe
ID	3	@arcadianlady eek can't wait to see it!! as well as everyone elses. gahh i don't know what i want  lol
ID	2	@iamdiddy I need a hug... Gotta find another place to live and a new job
ID	2	The poor Pirate had out his last wisdom tooth and is looking really peaky.
ID	2	@iamdiddy me because I might not have enough money for college!!!
ID	2	@iamdiddy yes I do! Because he is going to the marines to protect &amp; serve and leaving me!
ID	0	So hot today =_=  don't like it and i hate my new timetable, having such a bad week
ID	1	So hot today =_=  don't like it and i hate my new timetable, having such a bad week
ID	4	@i_am_umlaut oh no!  i'm very sorry to hear
ID	2	Now I have a sunburn
ID	3	We're dealing with Overactive Let-Down right now.   http://bit.ly/9ydHU
ID	2	@the_breannarose fuuuuuuck  idk if andy can get youuuu
ID	2	@adbert @DougOntrack @organicsue Is it me (my machine)? or... Vids freeze up, halt whole blip stream  ? http://blip.fm/~79l0q
ID	0	http://twitpic.com/66xlm -  hate when my PARKED car gets hit
ID	1	http://twitpic.com/66xlm -  hate when my PARKED car gets hit
ID	2	@shanajaca *huggles* I don't see all the replies right away, and my boss is hovering today. And I'm feeling pissy about life
ID	3	Enjoyed this week off work, back next week
ID	2	im @ the eye doctors &amp; had to bring trinity with me cause my mom fell down the stairs today &amp; broke her toe. ugh
ID	3	#FF @AriesChild she is my Vegas buddy &amp; A Laker lover uuugh but I love her even though I'm all the way n Chicago
ID	3	Steve makes fruit smoothies for me each day &amp; they are berry delicious, I made mine today &amp; it was berry, berry bad
ID	4	@Jamie_127 poor baby  you need some aloe. Nope sorry no hints
ID	4	The Oddo's grandfather passed away in his sleep
ID	4	doesn't get to see her fav5 today like planned
ID	4	I saw amazing heeels. But they were too big
ID	2	@princessxansley oh and i dont know how to get twatter mobile to work.
ID	0	@teamincredible ALL white shoes make me cringe  . White shoes give me pause.
ID	1	@teamincredible ALL white shoes make me cringe  . White shoes give me pause.
ID	2	@AboutK damn - doesn't show how people are more conservative in blackjack
ID	4	bout to go to work
ID	2	My convo starts in 12 hours... and I am sitting 6500Km away writing GIS queries
ID	2	i finished packing and sorting out old clothes XD i have stomache ache though
ID	4	I watched wayyyy too much Beverly Hills 90210 today and I am not proud of that fact.  TV FAIL
ID	3	@veeriwhoa OH SILENCE VERONA!  I AM WANTING TO GO   jaja, enjoyyitverymuch and bring me phothos of Danny and dougie ?
ID	3	@iamdiddy my lil sister Charese, her best friend passed today
ID	2	ITS RAINING ITS POURING.............where is my spooning  buddy
ID	3	@INKDMOM I know, right?!? I have such a lead foot
ID	0	My mouth hurts from this stupid retainer!!
ID	1	My mouth hurts from this stupid retainer!!
ID	3	10 out of 40 done... everyone is going to be home drinking beer starting next week
ID	4	I am soooo hungry. But waiting for bf to get home, he has car trouble and is waiting for the mechanic to help him...
ID	4	skype call with billie but my webcam dont work
ID	3	@MorningMajor yep,raced round it in cars and bikes,its only 40mins away,dont av much motorsport there now,its more planes n choppers now
ID	3	joe: 2.30pm Kevin pics up a new pair of pjs :') PMSL i could have died!!! lmfaoo :') I MISS MY BOYS
ID	2	@shardaeAngelica yeah and in the tatami room!  kids + tatami dont mix
ID	2	@twaysive hm, this not a good medium for much more then yes/no  I am responding to previous posts,days ago, &amp; other conversations we had
ID	4	@rafealAnthem yes i am and i was ready to go when i got here. ugh  and its sooo pretty outside..
ID	3	Totally been too long since I updated.  Saw Star Trek, excellent!  Killed Yogg-Saron 10 man.  Memorial Day killed 25 man raids
ID	4	@esull have a great camp!!!!! Wish I could be there.
ID	2	@insidebooks Ooh, jealous. I just have yoghurt and some carrots.
ID	3	Ahhh I am sooo happy Ashley Tisdale is in Germany but I am not in Oberhausen...  But i will show it in the TV at 8 o' clock yeah I love it
ID	3	is wanting someone to spend her summer evening with whilst she's in such a nice relaxed mood !
ID	4	@MissCaseyB I know what you mean  rain sucks...
ID	2	Why can't I make a phone call! I hate this anxiety crap. Someone cure me
ID	2	@craigandera I got my copy yesterday, too, although right now I'm digging into Scala, so can't read it just yet...
ID	4	@MsHalfway I want to go back to school too *sigh* - but I am too poor
ID	4	Last day of high school  i'm gonna miss all my friends
ID	4	@hithit  missing jmichelle... told you treat me like a step child! smh
ID	0	Oh god, I want to blow up my tooth. It hurts.
ID	1	Oh god, I want to blow up my tooth. It hurts.
ID	2	@lorenarojas But it is our reality  , we must survive. What doesn't kills, makes stronger. PA'LANTE LORE !
ID	4	@neeshababyyy they won't  guys are retarded!
ID	3	going to the library. I miss u already!
ID	3	@luv_liv_lyf good to hear! Just in time for the weekend. I'll be working though
ID	4	@inlovewitharmy What timeeee? My mom says I have to do something daw tomorrow, eh. But we're never compelte!
ID	2	Oh... I miss the Piano.
ID	2	@N3H4 thats maddd ass bullshit dammit i feel baddd boooo powerpoint piece of shitttt
ID	4	Why didn't my favorite spotters last tweet go to my phone
ID	2	@fansitesnetwork i love you &lt;3  host me lmao
ID	2	@iamdiddy I need a hug cuz these garbage truck men keep driving next to me whistling and Im working too hard 2 graduate...
ID	2	got up at 8 today, and also misses his friend @danceashleylove
ID	0	Is UPS like the cable company and doesn't show up til the last possible moment? I'd like to take a nap before school gets out
ID	1	Is UPS like the cable company and doesn't show up til the last possible moment? I'd like to take a nap before school gets out
ID	4	i'm still full from the buffet at palms.  my stomach actually hurts. ugh gluttony bites.
ID	2	I hate going online and looking at the balance in the bank.  its always a lot lower than I need it to be.
ID	3	On the way to have Griffin's staples removed from his head!  Should be fun
ID	3	Planning to install Windows 7 tomorrow, so probably no new posts for another few days at least
ID	2	@iamdiddy I need a hug because our pitching has been lackluster, our shortstops can't field &amp; Big Papi can't get above the Mendoza line.
ID	2	headache
ID	4	Off to play Tennis at Bel Air, courts are wet  but, we will play anyway.
ID	2	none of my friends is on this
ID	2	hurt my left knee somehow last night, hurts to walk
ID	4	charlies roastbeef: mostaza no manejamos. WTF?
ID	0	@CaronsBeachHs  Still dealing with quite a bit of pain, will jump off here soon to lay down,very frustrating  Thanks 4 asking
ID	1	@CaronsBeachHs  Still dealing with quite a bit of pain, will jump off here soon to lay down,very frustrating  Thanks 4 asking
ID	3	Such a busy day today!! Banbury Fair fashion show tonight and move into my apartment tomorrow! i have no started packing yet
ID	4	@iamdiddy - Me. because my ex boyfriend of 2 years (we broke up 2 months ago) is engaged to his gf of 6 weeks.  sad, embarrassed. Hug?
ID	3	Had a fantastic day with an amazing girl! Just wish Sara didn't have to go home.  #fb
ID	2	Why are money problems so bad these days
ID	2	This wind is crampin' my style. I have a section of my yard that won't get any water. I'd move the sprinkler, but it's surrounded by mud.
ID	4	i was too slow to get $1 Up tix
ID	3	This morning I rode behind a guy with a bird cage containing a plastic Tyrannosaurus rex attached to his bicycle. I couldn't get a photo.
ID	4	shit's depressing
ID	2	There  was just a horrific fight at my school  glad everyone is ok and that it's Friday.
ID	2	@southern_storm lucky! I'm still working for another 4 hours!
ID	3	@ashleytisdale Ahhh I am sooo happy Ashley Tisdale is in Germany but I am not in Oberhausen...  But i will show it in the TV at 8 o' clock
ID	4	So...woke up in time just for work.....boo
ID	2	@divarina21 hello beautiful. how's mariahs baby? jackie still isn't talkin to me. i called her n left her a message the other day.
ID	4	@ 5 happiness (chinese) totally disappointed  the food is USUALLY good *FAIL*
ID	2	Sad that david is leaving tomoro. for a week.
ID	2	has heart burn
ID	3	Dang it! It seems that every time I blip a song, it's unavailable.
ID	3	@lewdogg I wish I could afford to attend those benefits.
ID	2	gprof problem on Mac  why ??
ID	0	@RobynHumes Can't  Bro on laptop &amp; Salm on comp! Me stuck with Wii :'( xx
ID	1	@RobynHumes Can't  Bro on laptop &amp; Salm on comp! Me stuck with Wii :'( xx
ID	2	@Nicsey wassup m8 ... bad day not good
ID	4	@SweetHomeBirth  link isn't working
ID	2	The computer is being really slow, especially on typing!
ID	2	@jmliss Link didn't work
ID	3	@repressd Tell my work to give me two days off in a row! Stat! I'm full time I'm supposed to have priority
ID	2	it might be sunny today, but alas, new product must make it to Etsy!
ID	2	whooaaa. just got an overwheolming itus attack after eating
ID	2	@RedPumpProj i would direct message you regarding blogging while brown, but a sista hasn't mastered that technique yet  ..lol
ID	4	@world_of_max Sadly, no. Now David Tennant has left I don't particularly want the job anyway
ID	2	@alwaysafton I had an interruption in service on my phone, so I missed everything on Tuesday morning.
ID	4	not at all happy...dont know what the reason is
ID	2	Bit devastated that I lost my entire documents folder on my home computer.
ID	3	The first time all week I can play WoW and I get stuck at &quot;authenticating&quot;.
ID	4	@DinerokidMayo Im upset cuz now everyone agrees
ID	4	apparently you are not getting on anymore... sad
ID	2	At the dr office for abbie's second round of shots...
ID	4	I need to sit  my insides hurt ughhh
ID	3	@PhreshlyPhaded Oh wow  Thanks for the info.
ID	2	@winkphotography great to finally meet you last night! Wish we had more time to talk. Can't go to the coffee GTGs, though... Day job.
ID	2	omg, my right ear is blocked and it's so annoying. what if i wake up deaf?  not gonna lie, i'm so scared
ID	4	@dorritos @repressd i get migranes.. so @repressd.. that leaves you to either arthritis and/or gout!
ID	2	webcam still wont work  evil stuffs.
ID	4	argh! why why why
ID	3	Lunching and bike riding around the village today with Lulu. Love my new bike, just wish I didn't have to lock it up all the time
ID	2	@PandaMayhem my kid is sick too tho..i can't do it by myself.  i can't go there by myself like a crazy stalker
ID	4	possibly going out tonight; is there ANYTHING to do in Lancaster? I miss Baltimore
ID	2	@iamdiddy I need a hug  I'm doing my junior cert this week and I'm totally stressed out :'(
ID	4	@pilmorelee you beggar! Making me feel homesick
ID	4	@frgmnt I know, lame.
ID	3	Thinks its gonna rain
ID	2	@cheesygiraffe aww. I hope you feel better soon.
ID	2	@mmitchelldaviss It saddens me, you're youtube has changed. It's just like every other youtube kid, you used to be different
ID	0	is fed up of stupid bots adding me
ID	1	is fed up of stupid bots adding me
ID	2	Feels rather lonely on here! I have no followers
ID	2	Twenty20 cricket, beer and sunshine very good. Well apart from the beer cause i'm on tablets!
ID	3	Lazy day in is awesome but I really should go out
ID	4	Rope witdrawal in full effect, no one to tie, no teaching, no demos, no one to play with. But worst of all - No one to play with!
ID	3	come and save me from my packing please?!
ID	2	@iamdiddy including myself... guess umma be partying alone yet again...lol..
ID	3	My break is over  back to the inferno  [ I Love Her ]
ID	3	eating some breakfast at Panera Bread. boring cloudy weather, lil drizzle
ID	2	honestly cant wait for wednesdays chemistry exam to be over - getting to me real bad
ID	3	I have a job at camp!!  Only downfall? No midnight showing of Harry Potter for me
ID	4	Rachael makes me want to cry
ID	2	my internet service has been acting strange after the earthquake. Just found out that the submarine fiber optics cable got damaged
ID	4	@katebuckjr Sorry I can not reach either URL
ID	2	I would do a #FollowFriday, but everyone on my list is already on everyone elses list so what's the point?  I'm just not popular enough.
ID	4	not feeling well at all today! ugh cant I just go home.
ID	4	My eyes hurt.
ID	3	pondering OC/LA day trip tmr. after yoga/work. hmm n then see school of 7bells in irvine tmr nite. ponder ponder... gota work on sun tho
ID	3	Oh, I HELLA forgot to say my official good morning  Like to hear it? Here it go! Goooooooooooood Morrrrrrrrning Twitterville! Lol
ID	4	@dutchraymond yeah I didn't realize how bad it all was till now
ID	4	has today off! But has to work tomorrow
ID	4	being lazy the rain does that to me  gym&amp;&amp;tanning is possibe, work &amp;&amp; a small social gathering around tha corner
ID	4	Can't give blood within a year of getting a tattoo so I can't give...Im gutted
ID	2	i really need a skateboard  ........
ID	2	@charlimillions where r u i? Am wearing a black polkadot dress n green cardigan i cant find u
ID	2	Are you going to hate being around my baby?
ID	4	my head huwwts
ID	4	I have to go to work with out my @andrajoi and @treykinkade
ID	4	@vosdjs LOL yea the fondue is on point... but that Chocolate Lava Cake is what you really want...but I wont be here   Im Mon-Fri babes!
ID	4	That's it? It's done already? This is one proof that there's nothing fair in this world.   http://bit.ly/10UEMq
ID	2	@J1S2004 Ubertwitter is still giving me an error msg.. Smh... Sucks
ID	3	@nick_carter  awww poor you  - but you know ... you're doing it for US - bless you ;)))
ID	2	@thegoodhuman Sorry to hear, wish there were words to make it better you
ID	0	Just finished reading Chuck Palahniuk's &quot;Pygmy&quot; and kind of hated it. I'm really disappointed; I had pretty high hopes for this one.
ID	1	Just finished reading Chuck Palahniuk's &quot;Pygmy&quot; and kind of hated it. I'm really disappointed; I had pretty high hopes for this one.
ID	4	I've been offered Fred on loan but I has no moniiieeeess...
ID	2	@davegiumara yeah the weather ruined my plans too  i was gonna beach it up as well
ID	3	@erinhosborn Thanks Legolas.  @betterlesson Fellowship. re: Google wave: like. @bing demoed 2. http://tinyurl.com/ma6j6l means &quot;Disease&quot;
ID	2	Did you guys figure out Saturday? I really wanted to go but my mom is sick so I have to take her to the hospital in Tampa
ID	3	Every time I hear someone from Vancouver, it makes me follow them. I'm hopelessly in love with #vancouver
ID	2	@iamdiddy my hubby.  promised job promotion so we didn't move, signed a new lease n they withdrew the promotion...
ID	4	@APStylebook I know, but I need some things in my life to be constant
ID	4	Is youtube not working properly for anyone else? I can't watch videos because they keep failing to load
ID	3	@starangel82 @darkheath @140lover Everyone's going to think I'm a gold digger  Hahahaha
ID	2	@iamdiddy  My dog Nemo cause he wimpers every morning when I leave
ID	2	@_Enigma__ did you even listen to the blip i sent you
ID	4	no luck in goin to forum.. im about the only person on earth not goin out
ID	4	Starving. And Alyssa's mom would bring her subway.
ID	3	I really wish someone would make a groupchat theme for Adium suited for IRC. yMous has way too low contrast.
ID	3	At the doctors office woooo so much fun. Have to go back to wotk after this cant afford to be off.
ID	2	Saw a black snake in the garden.  Went back for a picture and it was gone
ID	4	has new headphones but no mp3 player yet  http://plurk.com/p/x258n
ID	2	Having trouble syncing my iphone to my work exchange email  help!!!!
ID	0	Hanging out at the San Fran airport. Got a few hour wait until I go anywhere...BTW SFO's $7 wifi is garbage.
ID	1	Hanging out at the San Fran airport. Got a few hour wait until I go anywhere...BTW SFO's $7 wifi is garbage.
ID	4	@risquethaianna i cant go swimmin any more
ID	3	workin at la bootay... wheres the warm weather at???
ID	3	rip grandpa  graduation today...
ID	2	Sunburn on my knees
ID	2	@AFMikey413 that sigh doesn't sound happy.
ID	2	is sadly going to have to cancel my Chicago trip next week.
ID	2	In the mood for shrimp scampi but I don't have vermouth.
ID	2	Today is not going to be relaxing like I hoped.
ID	4	@tommcfly sweet .. Englands becoming lamer and lamer since you guys left
ID	2	in media still havnet found ipod
ID	2	They just layed off 23 teachers in the city near me  I wonder if I should be thinking about not going into that jobfield...
ID	4	i got a haircut, i felt like that guy on the &quot;Last Samuri&quot; who was forced to have his ponytail cut off.
ID	0	On my way 2 work damn sinus headaches suck
ID	1	On my way 2 work damn sinus headaches suck
ID	3	I ate to much lunch...now I don't want to work
ID	4	@GLAMvoy Yes I think so unless it changed.  I sent u a happy mothers day text but u never responded back
ID	0	Got tired of the kitchen being uninhabital so swept and mopped the floor when its dry I'll do the work tops
ID	1	Got tired of the kitchen being uninhabital so swept and mopped the floor when its dry I'll do the work tops
ID	4	@emaxio still @ the courthouse!     Happy to have a job... sad its this one!
ID	4	@tearose21 Wish I could be there to enjoy a girls day!!!
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/66ydb - @jenleighbarry I made sure you got credit at the end of the book...I'm sure I forgot people though.
ID	2	on the phone with Arvest, the girl on the phone is breathing into the mic on the phone... not sound as good as Darth Vader...
ID	4	And it's gone.
ID	4	Im here at work super bored
ID	4	to cold for the beach  sucky.
ID	4	@Berumen4 No.  Just sitting around sculpting tiny koi.
ID	2	I never order chips any more due to how unhealthy they are, but getting a burrito from Chipotle or Qdoba doesn't feel right without em
ID	2	i totally need to go to the doctor for my arm...this bitch is STILL hurtin like hell      i shall return
ID	3	out enjoying the weather before i have to go to work.. last shift with @jamieallover
ID	4	O.k i feel like i need to cry now  i can't believe that in less than 2 years ill be walking across the stage to get a High School diploma!
ID	4	@Jonasbrothers Just saw the webc. awesome! i loved all the songs! im sad cuz i couldnt be there  had 2 wake up early and it started at 1am
ID	4	So now we'll pay more in sales tax...great.  Even worse Mom and Pop businesses have to double what they pay in business licenses.
ID	3	Had quite a cool day with Charlie and then Ben aswell (: got lost and stung by nettles
ID	4	is stressin h-core. and is supposed to be cleaning her room. and feels like crap.
ID	3	@HannahSukter anywayss to the point i am dying to spend my summer over there or somewhere hot with you guys
ID	2	feel like shit.....and will continue to for as long as it takes
ID	2	is suffering from hayfever, is drowsy from too much Piriton, and is heading to bed with the air purifier on
ID	4	back from lunch and it's pouring rain! ugh  ohh well at least it gets me into a Death Cab For Cutie mood!
ID	4	@Mad_Gab  We should bask in misery together
ID	2	@Sirvashawn let me know how it goes I'm praying. Ummmph. I still can't believe it.
ID	3	ok... finished all the Mikados  Should shut up now! lol
ID	2	@travisroberts What would you know about packing? You're making poor Lauren do it all.
ID	3	Sushi joint was closed  but still had a nice lunch w/ Angel!
ID	3	@blues_traveler I want the Tix!  Oh, right.  I'm know where near Vacaville Ca.
ID	4	i feel super sick
ID	4	http://wave.google.com/ &lt;3 Google ... wish they'd spend a bit more time adding bits to Chrome though
ID	3	@rayrayyyyy &quot;now or never&quot; makes me cry everytime  lol.
ID	2	going to a funeral
ID	2	Worried sick now about my granddaughter. She's at Hasbro possibly needing to have her shunt revised which means another surgery.
ID	2	@djjezzie  how very rude fof them, you poor girl i hope you recovered from that  awful site
ID	3	@siamusic  as long as you have someone to make out with    lol
ID	4	my head is bruised really bad :|
ID	2	Ruby Luster can't make it to NYC for our performance
ID	4	I hate it when I am in pain
ID	3	i have an ipod nano i never use.tut for the love of all things Apple
ID	2	My last day with my favorite teacher.....im quite sad
ID	4	I'm trying to find a pic for twitter but all that  ihave are too big or can't upload. So I shall remain faceless  lol
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/66yb9 Ozzy back from the vet. Not feeling well. He looks so sad.    Possible UTI. Results tomorrow.
ID	4	@crystaaale wtf kinda best friend am I? I *still* haven't met the hubby. That depresses me
ID	4	Room is so empty
ID	0	Sitting in Mrs. Martins class, youtube is being stupid. and i REALLY want a popsicle!!! jealous of Sara
ID	1	Sitting in Mrs. Martins class, youtube is being stupid. and i REALLY want a popsicle!!! jealous of Sara
ID	2	zoita had a cardio apt. 2day. doc says her hole-in-the-heart hasn't closed. she'll need the surgery to close it http://ghurm.tumblr.com
ID	2	@LucyMeez   I tried that pincode... and it says it is expired... you only just put it up.
ID	2	Rough start to my day.  Taking this one off from DON so as not to spread my bad vibes. Hope you all have a great weekend! I'm outty.
ID	4	@lilmo4ever I'm So Mad I Wont Be There!!!!!!!!! UGHHH!!!
ID	2	is hungry, but can't leave for lunch
ID	4	Man, my sinuses r really buggin me this morning
ID	4	Had an interesting evening amongst homeless people in Venice Beach last night, wishing I had my camera with me........ and model releases
ID	0	@Mezzie1221 you are a slow answerer!
ID	1	@Mezzie1221 you are a slow answerer!
ID	0	@cre8tn You and your Yuotube links.  DENIED at work.
ID	1	@cre8tn You and your Yuotube links.  DENIED at work.
ID	2	Have @ Irma Vep rehearsals. No...not really.
ID	2	Ouch!!... Stomachace.... I ate a lot...
ID	4	This is California it has to be sunny... But its not ::::: makes me kinda sad
ID	2	Gah. I think I like Wes Carr... Thats wrong. Nothing good has come out of Australian Idol, but his 'You' song is catchy as fuck
ID	2	@bruceswalker   Hi Bruce  I am trying to eat healthy!  It's kinda scary when I read &quot;Eat this Not that&quot;  maggots and rat hair in our food
ID	2	@heffasaurus  anything I can do to help?
ID	2	i can't sleep.  amp.
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/66ymw I'm gonna miss these guys so much  Thanks for making the 5 years at senior school amazing!
ID	3	@Rush23 how about we start with a true Franchise online mode. Dynasty was huge, Madden online league not so much
ID	0	#itsucks when everyone but the one i want to text me is texting me!
ID	1	#itsucks when everyone but the one i want to text me is texting me!
ID	3	@Lidybeth inoo thats why i sed ino how u feel coz im in love with kyle, i feel like such a saddo but its true ha i wanna see him tuesday
ID	0	Youtube is made of fail right now. Or maybe it's just me that it hates.
ID	1	Youtube is made of fail right now. Or maybe it's just me that it hates.
ID	4	oasis or ribena? toughest decision everrr
ID	2	A year from now is graduation....i am pretty sure i'm not ready for it!?!?!?
ID	3	Just got back from the concert! Some mistakes... I kinda failed my Macedonian test  But my relatives from Serbia are here! WooHoo!!!
ID	3	at school again  its boring and these people are playing country and it sucks !!!!XD
ID	3	Whew, the first night and day of summer were.....very sad  But, I have Jess's grad party to go to tonight!!!
ID	3	Just watched the &quot;Final Break&quot; final prison break episode. It was great. Farewell Prison Break. You will be dearly missed.
ID	2	So, no yarn arriving until Monday and I don't even know what's in this shipment.  I have nothing to dye.    Now what?
ID	2	I'm gettin ready for my trip back to MA...  I don't wanna leave!
ID	0	@soniei argh. I don't like ebay. I got outbid at the last second
ID	1	@soniei argh. I don't like ebay. I got outbid at the last second
ID	3	@ginjagin I think you're pretty! I'm sorry they made you feel bad
ID	2	@SiCoUK he won't reply
ID	2	*YAAAWN* Stayed up too late last night, still gotta work &amp; get up super early tomorrow
ID	3	@bethanyshondark Ouch. Better get used to it. I think 22 to 25 are prime marriage years.
ID	0	Not a bad back 43. Piss poor front tho. 90 still unbroken
ID	1	Not a bad back 43. Piss poor front tho. 90 still unbroken
ID	3	@mikeneumann  You just want to go?? I know the feeling...  I'm ready to head back to the mountains, I won't go back till July
ID	4	When i say &quot;we close at 6&quot;, it does not mean &quot;come in at 6&quot;. Ffs people. Also RIP Polly
ID	2	@BarryAlistair I must of brought the bad weather with me to the states
ID	3	@sarahbellum Your not alone
ID	0	Goddamnit! If we live in an age of constant communication why can't anyone return a text
ID	1	Goddamnit! If we live in an age of constant communication why can't anyone return a text
ID	3	my mouth is sore  I have to wear these stupid retainers so my teeth don't go crooked!...in other news, I got a new swimsuit for laps!
ID	3	Burnt Agenn  Nice Day Tho  xxx
ID	3	I just vacuumed my entire house three times. Screw all vacuums!!
ID	3	@caltort i have tried the Teriyaki - no cookie tho!  we got (non winning) Pop-tarts with it.  All was great!
ID	4	@amychiu fuck was that the blink/weezer one? I totally forgot.
ID	2	The ball on my BB is not working.  I can read any text messages....holla but don't text me
ID	4	@sonicsalamander Sorry 'bout the migraine.  Did I mention I really liked your Cissbury (sp?) pic last week?
ID	0	anisalovesu me too. I am so so upset,especially because i fear i won't get a Jared hug tomorrow
ID	1	anisalovesu me too. I am so so upset,especially because i fear i won't get a Jared hug tomorrow
ID	2	Ok why am I still in the airport and my flightwas @ 1:47pm I haven't even boarded  http://myloc.me/1ZPI
ID	0	Uploading a 1Mo video with microb and on 3G Network in the train is really slow
ID	1	Uploading a 1Mo video with microb and on 3G Network in the train is really slow
ID	2	@Hellolizzay I work tomorrow
ID	4	@msdivineknight wish i could  want to stay and play with u guys and enjoy a block party for once
ID	4	@yelyahwilliams alright. i REALLY wish you guys could've done a show in tennessee  because now, i can't go to one of your shows :'(
ID	2	I need food. It took an hour to get to work this morning. Leaving me no time to get my morning coffee and bagel
ID	4	@jovenatheart you never follow me I sad  LOL
ID	3	@thehoodnerd    Ive been dying for those!! They just so expensive in little sizes.
ID	2	Jonas and Demi, I miss you  / NIIICK, in my soul, ASASGDYGYASDGY ?
ID	4	Shoot. Only 12 miles
ID	3	work all day
ID	2	First time in my live that i got a little pop up on the taskbar saying that one of my files was corrupt and I needed to run chkdisk
ID	4	@siiyu she could have been a lost dog  poor girl
ID	4	@MrSucre lmao i sure did!!! no luck though
ID	2	@sri_rng dont know IMEI number  is it tracked even in india?
ID	2	@induce1 Panchito's burfday party tonight... wish you were here kiddo!
ID	2	Its already been a crazy morning and its ONLY 1030
ID	2	Damn. I got a math test today.
ID	2	y must i hve graduation practice...all im gonna is walk
ID	4	The girl across the hall says her cat got out when the landlord was showing her apt.  so heartbreaking
ID	2	watching Gilmore Girls reruns!! Don't know what else to do for the day
ID	4	Feeling bad for my little sister. Put a lot of money into her Saab, took full coverage off it last week, and totalled it yesterday
ID	2	@azroth Unfortunately, I didn't do it on purpose - itunes shuffle did it. It followed up with Dreadzone, so no life-ruin music-trauma.
ID	4	trying to spending time away from the reality....broke my heart again
ID	4	Oh no! Poor bears  i just had a nightmare i wrestled a huge snake and won
ID	2	@mnemosynekurai haha yea, i just feel like its being taken the wrong direction, used to be a cool place, now its a mess
ID	2	Epsilon Greater than Zero misses her Mommy.  http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/5626035
ID	2	Feeling very sad again today
ID	3	@Sopphue i foot think it will let you since it.s international  but we have twitter haha
ID	0	sometimes i got tired dealing with my own dilemmas..
ID	1	sometimes i got tired dealing with my own dilemmas..
ID	2	@wendyandlisa unfortunately, I will miss Girl Bros. Radio tonight. Will be in the midst of an all night writing session
ID	0	@orbitaldiamonds That drives me nuts.
ID	1	@orbitaldiamonds That drives me nuts.
ID	2	Work is ded  out tonite tho eeeeeee
ID	0	Shit. My friend's in such a state and I don't know how to help him. Nothing I say seems to be helping and I wish I knew what to say
ID	1	Shit. My friend's in such a state and I don't know how to help him. Nothing I say seems to be helping and I wish I knew what to say
ID	4	i want my ben and jerrys now lol, TWEET PEOPLE im bored
ID	0	@sierraphares oh! Yeah,your mom told be about that.  I thought you meant his twitter ID &amp; I was very confused. That sucks. Sick.
ID	1	@sierraphares oh! Yeah,your mom told be about that.  I thought you meant his twitter ID &amp; I was very confused. That sucks. Sick.
ID	2	@lram2 What!?!?! I can't believe I had to find out this way...don't you ppl contact family first??!!? I'm so sad!  Who was it?!?1
ID	4	not feelin 2day
ID	2	@thewhitemage It does it sometimes - it should come back ;) And the car thing sucks - I feel all anxious and yucky now
ID	3	@jroberson4 Good luck at the services tomorrow!! I wish I could see you guys on your vacation!
ID	2	Is anyone there?  Please say hello - I'm feeling lonely
ID	4	Going to an engagement party tommorrow night - it should be mine, but its NOT!  Stepping off the soapbox.
ID	4	@SeviDesigns It'll be delivered next Friday.  That is a looonnnng way away with 5 people! Guess I'll do laundry next week at mil's.
ID	2	Is sitting in science freezing  four days (:
ID	2	Watching hollyoaks - hoping Justin isn't the one to die.
ID	4	@audreyallure - I'm really thinking about staying till tomorrow .. I have to be back in Philly 2nite, but I wanna stay so bad.
ID	2	maths seriously hate me.
ID	4	feeling rather peckish...no dinner for at least 2 hours  wah
ID	2	i cut my hand open!!!
ID	3	@shelleymcarthur I was only @ Cambie just slightly before the event then had to leave  Waiting for feedback though; I'll keep u posted!
ID	2	@b33f4l0 @KevinDoyle Ha!  I dunno about standing anything up.  Very very rough today.  It hurts to talk.
ID	2	I'm just to far from where you are, I wanna go home...
ID	3	Molly keeps punching me cuz she sees yellow cars. I'm gonna be covered in bruises. I don't like this game
ID	2	has a headache from the the heat.
ID	4	On my way to lake geneva and I miss my laura
ID	3	going out tonight, FINALLY. i wanty lie in the park but... cinema bound it looks
ID	3	@MorganMartinez My dream was about hanging out with all my friends. It was good until I woke up and they weren't there.
ID	2	Is going to have one upset daughter  in a bit..mr. Rat took a sudden turn for the worse and didn't make it
ID	2	Does not feel good at all today
ID	4	@CCNKAddict I know... it just falls right at 1pm my time, like right in the middle of the day
ID	4	@wimnms well i miss her i think she would really like it  re:trina
ID	4	@ChrisEfs i tryed that the other day but they werent giving up what they were using!
ID	2	Off to the shelters around me to look for her.  I hope she is okay, so afraid that she is going to get hit by a car. Can't stop crying
ID	4	Nothing like waking up slow in the morning. Docs appt today.
ID	2	Where can I get nice food for Mam down the Bay that a) is likely to have room for 3 tonight and b) isn't the mingin' burger kitchen
ID	3	@Irish_Jean awessomee! cut my hurrr i give massage? orr alkie? or foodtour? yeaaah! &amp;i'll pray for ur cousin
ID	3	went and got a pedicure and a manicure 2daii!!!! and den sunbathed all daii!!!! BEST DAY EVA!!!!! oh yeh,....did a teeny bit of study
ID	4	It went really well! But the vid didnt work.  im sad
ID	4	missed my friggin hair appt!!!
ID	4	@Quinztar Oh no, but that means that you won't be able to get pwned by my shottie this weekend
ID	3	Goood Dayy  Beeen shopping, didn't get what I wanted though  But my best friend has comeeee homeeee!! XD Ily Shannii x
ID	2	@orbitaldiamonds I want all the soldiers to come home so we don't have to hear about anymore being killed.
ID	4	hillsong tom. night, and dad's birthday! i wish i could see him on his bday though.
ID	2	31 degree centigrade is much hotter than 30 degree centigrade
ID	3	Cant wait to leave work
ID	3	Just got back from the doctor... I don't need surgery yayyy!!!!!! But my knees are still fucked  not gonna get better
ID	4	@meiko911   didn't have time this morning to go all the way across town to take a pic (SO SAD)
ID	2	@OSCalendar @MetromixOrlando Either way, that's unfortunate to hear  Thanks you both for the head's up.
ID	2	I don't do very good at funerals. Crying is way 2 contagious for me
ID	2	.@orbitaldiamonds I want all the soldiers to come home so we don't have to hear about anymore being killed.
ID	2	am little bit upset   ppl is jerk-
ID	2	Pretty sure I'm sat on the wrong train going the wrong way... Bah!
ID	4	@marisatangorra it because your handwriting isnt on any of them. and everyone is making fun of me because im sitting by myseld in the lrc
ID	4	. @wickedblueglow he's in bed sick. Heavy fever. Went to dr's. Part of the reason i'm watching Aladdin 2 now and still haven't been fed
ID	2	@edwardsheroin *taps shoulder* forgotten
ID	2	is stuck inside when its so nice outside
ID	4	@tojoha1 sucks that i had to delete it
ID	2	honestly, why did the folks at Microsoft do MS Word 2007 to me?  I can't believe I just spent 10 minutes finding auto correct options
ID	3	just done planting the garden...hope sun will shine soon!
ID	2	Is feeling sick, probably a summer flu
ID	2	@pursebuzz http://twitpic.com/66z7a - I don't know why I always click on your doughnut pictures... lol I always end up wanting one
ID	0	Ughh. That Miley creature song has infested itself in my brain!
ID	1	Ughh. That Miley creature song has infested itself in my brain!
ID	4	I hate taking lily to the doc to get shots. It makes me super sad
ID	2	Oh dear. Sunburned back
ID	2	@iamdiddy yeah I need a hug...cuz I am sick..
ID	2	So apparently my dad thinks its ok to stalk my twitter. this has been the worst week ever. i hate my life.
ID	2	Still in meeting... I want some coffee right now cuz I didn't sleep well
ID	2	is frustrated by twitter...my picture will not load.
ID	2	@Mike_WSt the wheater here in Austria should be bad for the whole weekend. Sorry!
ID	2	I miss my cousin so much
ID	2	@lomeli09 i couldnt respond cuz i maxed out
ID	4	@gealbhan_beag     I hate cat pee.
ID	2	@nick_carter Your video is set to private..
ID	4	@reverieBR That sucks. I hope you find a new job soon
ID	2	I'm so confused about the weather, is it really gonna be sunny? or is it really gonna rain?
ID	4	WOW, got killed on first wave of Horde on Gears. FAIL
ID	2	Creased my nikes!!  ohh well... http://twitpic.com/66zfd
ID	2	I am working like allways. i hope i have a good day havent talked to my Mr.Goofy in over 24hours so that cant possiabally be good
ID	4	just got back from NOM NOM's at our favourite restaurant here in Haarlem. I'm sad, I will miss eating there, the food is INCREDIBLE
ID	3	almost done with my first day at the spa...I missed this place! Then headed to Fort Collins to close down casa de kent
ID	2	arrghh stupid eczema      i have to go soon. sort it OUT! :/
ID	2	@azina too late...now it just hurts.
ID	4	I worked at a car plant once..nobody believes me though. I repect all the hard workin folks in the world.
ID	0	I hate my life
ID	1	I hate my life
ID	0	hates these khaki pants! project to do todayy
ID	1	hates these khaki pants! project to do todayy
ID	3	@emcerlain I know it's against the law... I am a rebel in small things.
ID	0	Dear Allergies.. i hate you.. please go away...love always... your victim..
ID	1	Dear Allergies.. i hate you.. please go away...love always... your victim..
ID	3	@Flamenkers I send messages to greg all the time, no answer  its ok I still love o &amp; a, goog luck with your move to Erie.
ID	4	i have runny nose... i can't breathe.. terrible feeling...
ID	3	4 more days until my birthday!!! I don't want to get older
ID	2	iPhone today! I want to see The Morning Of in Virginia Beach, but I don't think I can get there
ID	2	In A and E arts Stephani's horse fell on wet ground and she landed on her head
ID	4	@rakka oh no, you're gonna have to break up w/your ups guy when you move
ID	2	@technclrninjoe i think thats what he is going for but he didnt have time to scan, do photo shop and stuff before work
ID	3	@AmongstStars awee!
ID	4	Its sooooooooo not funny when I have to move from computer to computer to render and draw. Come on, Revit! AutoCAD was never this bad.
ID	0	i JUST fucking cleaned the whole kitchen....and the asshole comes home &amp; is going to make a mess of it...my mom didn't even get to see it
ID	1	i JUST fucking cleaned the whole kitchen....and the asshole comes home &amp; is going to make a mess of it...my mom didn't even get to see it
ID	2	tired but have a lot to do.  Looking forward to tabletop gaming tomorrow as a break from my constant programming
ID	3	currently playing... part of the list
ID	3	Beautiful day on Ocracoke just hope the thunderstorms stay away this afternoon...it's not looking good
ID	4	My peeps is coming from chi*twn today for the weekend to hang w me and i dont have any time  always workin!
ID	2	Follow Friday is such a burden for me, because I want to add everyone, and I always forget people.
ID	0	John making me wear a mask and gloves at work cause I'm sick. Says he doesn't want to catch swine flu.  http://yfrog.com/02mxjj
ID	1	John making me wear a mask and gloves at work cause I'm sick. Says he doesn't want to catch swine flu.  http://yfrog.com/02mxjj
ID	3	@Auggie5000 lmao boss ross don't come on out here  I love that man he was the truth
ID	2	Cruising &quot;Serious Eats NY&quot; does not bode well for a future in GA. Missing NYC gastronomical tour..  http://newyork.seriouseats.com/
ID	3	Went to the hairdresser today, she cutted my hair off  I loved my long hair! Dad said he couldn't even see I got a haircut! LAAAME
ID	0	hut myself in the face with a hammer earlier by accident  obviously it hurts.
ID	1	hut myself in the face with a hammer earlier by accident  obviously it hurts.
ID	4	Bored and lonely at work
ID	4	The stratus is going bye bye today  i loved that car in high school #fb
ID	2	ran over a worm skating...  poor wormie. but glad to be back.
ID	3	finally some effing internet! i effin need to update the wifi in SG malls. Idk how  i miss dada and craigie......
ID	3	@eep2001 Might have to cancel our Disney trip this year.  Not too thrilled about it.
ID	2	@barbsrad sorry to hear that
ID	3	Thanking god for after elton for allowing me to see the new TW trailer since work blocked youtube and lj
ID	2	@pallet2005 apologies don't fix hurt feelings kev.  anyway i'll get it from u next time I c u.
ID	2	was mostly sick when she went to bed, but woke up feeling mostly dead
ID	4	LA unified summer schools drastically cut due to CA budget  cuts. Very sad
ID	2	@LauraKatzenberg Yo, what happened to my invite?
ID	4	@eoghancasey oh no!!    i wish i could lay out in the sun!!  i have no garden...LOL
ID	2	i really want some starbucks right now  needing to find something to do tonight..
ID	4	@Orion_Girl OOC sorry we keep missing each other...
ID	2	@SPACASSO Hey, Maria! I'm so sorry!  I think I accidentally disconnected you.     Thank you SO much for trying. Headed to your site soon.
ID	3	@bondsbustyblond We've just 16C today&amp;cold wind..  Want it 2b like 25 to 30! I love hot weather! But I reaped the 1st strawberry yday!
ID	3	I don't want Warren to die. He's an awesome character!  I hate Clare she should fucking die once and for all.
ID	3	@SU2C What about having one in TAMPA? I've been all excited to do the hunt, but I'm too far from any of those cities
ID	3	Good am all..: hanging out with ma dad 2day, looking for a job still..
ID	3	@xxdePinkLadyxx I KNOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! JOIN THE FREEKIN CLUB!!!!
ID	4	@GabrieleDurning  sadly we were too late for TraceyCakes, but we got them elsewhere- not the same but still yummy. Tea w wee on wknd!
ID	4	So from this moment foward, imma have to spend my money wisely. No dress and shoe shopping every week. No more pigging out @ my fav rest.
ID	3	@darklord1  Ohh what fun! A night at Slimes, I miss that place!
ID	0	hates the everything about  seafood.. just so happened to serve lobster in the chow hall... noooowww, I gotta headache.. ugh! smh...
ID	1	hates the everything about  seafood.. just so happened to serve lobster in the chow hall... noooowww, I gotta headache.. ugh! smh...
ID	2	gosh it's anoher cloudy day  wish they would go away.. or rain..
ID	2	Dangit...cuz of this weather the house painting is going to be dragged out till next week.
ID	4	@KING617 I REEEALLY wish I could be there  haven't been n a while.what's goin on down there lately?
ID	4	hates everything about seafood..esp smell! just so happened to serve lobster in the chow hall... noooowww, I gotta headache.. ugh! smh...
ID	2	@paintgranny my little felted thing looks like an incestuous by- product of two of your lovelies
ID	2	@corcorjdore I hope you meant ten hour shiFt ya nasty. Poor guy either way   http://myloc.me/1ZSJ
ID	2	Probably because it wasnt a command...bet you dont understand pay out on fantasy football either  ..droids   Look out for @eCouchCoach
ID	3	@marianalizbeth yayy!!! Im gonna see you today! I miss you!
ID	3	Have ordered the cuuutest invitations for my new nieces Christening, and they just arrived back in SA.  Sorry that I wont make it myself
ID	4	@tanyaahedo - I know! It was drizzling all the way to work!  Hope it warms up this weekend....
ID	2	Tryin to get motivated to go downtown to meet with my girl friends... Kinda dont want to but I always cancel
ID	3	@danni_30439 I really wish I could go!
ID	4	@danger_skies miss you too :'( it is!i never want to come home.....seriously
ID	2	exams are in 2 days, and i'm not prepared  so dead
ID	2	Just got to the hospital. Jimmys really bad....please please send your good thoughts. I'm really worried.
ID	2	@serda23 Depends on what they want for it....I've become poor again
ID	2	@misamille Where are u  miss you I hope you are doing well *sending big hugs*
ID	4	OK, home made pizza tonight, but horrors, I've run out of anchovies
ID	2	@alltimebritt lol dammit  well then next time then
ID	3	Yeah it's Friday but I have to work at 5am tomorrow  oh well going shopping afterwork
ID	3	@nick_carter Gotta make the video public, dear. LOL ...can't see it.
ID	0	ScREW MY PHONE. ITS BROKEN. DONT BOTHER TEXTING.
ID	1	ScREW MY PHONE. ITS BROKEN. DONT BOTHER TEXTING.
ID	2	@nick_carter THE LINK DOESNT WOR
ID	3	@_HarryKim OOC:  It's okay.  Maybe our schedules will work out soon.
ID	2	Gotta go to the doctor this morning  i feel so sick right now. i can barely talk but i'm still yelling across the house lol
ID	2	No kickboxing classes today  pretty bummed. Still going to work out hard. http://myloc.me/1ZT0
ID	0	I want to shoot Viva Hate... this is only the second time since I got my new camera I've had a chance, and the other was pitch black
ID	1	I want to shoot Viva Hate... this is only the second time since I got my new camera I've had a chance, and the other was pitch black
ID	4	@Pretty23rd I wasn't feeling it
ID	2	@gfalcone601 giii help me  i really wana find a gorgeous dress for prom, not long, mid length or short, anywhere in the uk. please help
ID	2	UGH I missed the POTUS @ MY Five Guys!!!! 2 blocks from my house and 3 blocks from my job.  http://www.politico.com/politico44/
ID	2	Got Firefox working again. Now I just have to get back all of my bookmarks...
ID	3	Wearing exactly the same clothes as I used to wear in Canada, beanie (or touque) and all.  Ahh brings back memories... I miss the snow
ID	2	I'm gonna miss them so much  I'm crying right now... :/
ID	3	fourteen hours later, i'm still having the worst allergy flare-up in my life from shooting an engagement session in a field last night...
ID	3	@oliviamunn SAN DIEGO! MOVE DOWN HERE! although whether right now is pretty cold. im waiting for the suck so i can go surf  I LOVE YOU
ID	2	WAH. i'm gonna miss bowie people  ESP YOU ALYANNA BONDOC &lt;3 and Cesar. D:&lt; I dunno if I can survive without my SOSA!
ID	3	@nethra - one more funny msg on fb. this time with an actual link  today i have received 5 such messages
ID	2	@nick_carter it says the video is private... and won't let me watch
ID	2	@P33ZY  My Power was cut off  thats where i went
ID	3	I can't wait to see UP! How dare @katymoe have a &quot;real&quot; job. Probably going to have to wait until tomorrow.
ID	2	What I would have done with legless stillborn spaniels, no idea. BUT I WAS SAD, so now, 20yrs later, strawberries = dead puppies.
ID	2	Those houses were a bust. House 1 smelled like a bowling alley and was maaad gross and house 2 needed a new roof and basement
ID	4	@kheiny so the beneath show got cancelled BUMMER! i guess i wont see you til cornerstone  who are you goign with?
ID	2	@JayLenoTonight  Jay I'm so sad its your last night on the show Its my last night watching it too I can't watch Conan  see you at 10 pm
ID	4	is off to get the boy and then to his doc. Persistent coughs are not good.  http://plurk.com/p/x285t
ID	3	FINALLY-- Now I am me again.  I had to use internet explorer.  Firefox issues   Back to normal Tweeting.
ID	2	Lunch isn't until 1:00 but I'm already so hungry.
ID	4	this evening,picking up n'pop and go for dinner at Ta Lum Tum Tum (som-tum),Major Avenue..decided to go home(not clubing tonite)..
ID	2	I need some free #fieldnotes because I can't travel to North 3rd Street in Philly to buy my own.
ID	3	is trying to find something to do tonight
ID	2	@IanMcNaughton you need to share the h/w love! Some of us are still rocking 2008's gear.
ID	2	doing the awful online portuguese test!
ID	3	@candypants2 http://twitpic.com/66wxk - SO jealous right now!!!hate new england weather
ID	3	Fighting a migraine   Medication is almost working.
ID	3	Man, the French Open has been on for a week and I haven't had the opportunity to catch a single match
ID	4	@spencerkeasey yeah doesn't that suck!  I am working with a Nano here so i had to take 75% of my music off!  so sad
ID	2	@chcuk WTF why can't you come race with us?? ughh  where's your road race at on sunday?
ID	4	My first car is offically gone.  good bye my turquoise topaz. You will be missed greatly.
ID	2	...just not that into me
ID	3	Wishing I could have seen my nephew graduate from kindergarten!
ID	4	@LimeIce On the way home dood.. Dont think the crappy vodafone gprs can handle yaymen.com
ID	2	@TeamTSwift  that's bad luck!
ID	0	at f***** work  .... want somebody to come ???
ID	1	at f***** work  .... want somebody to come ???
ID	3	@susannaheanes bwaha! It's so far away, though.  But it looks fluffy! And Jared's hair's SHINNNY.
ID	3	@LeeHongRui hahaha.. it's ok, how can I hire your mom??! So paiseh.. haha, I shall do all the washing then
ID	0	I don't like the heat, as global warming will eventually destroy the Earth, and the sun will inevitably eat up our planet,  grim
ID	1	I don't like the heat, as global warming will eventually destroy the Earth, and the sun will inevitably eat up our planet,  grim
ID	4	@redsoxgirl28 been there, sadly.  this isn't your first rodeo, my dear, I suspect you've learned your lesson?
ID	4	Bushidokan class got canceled.   I'll just have to sign up for karate someplace else!!
ID	3	Note to self: Omelets are better when made with butter, not olive oil.  Also, @laurendanyelle doesn't like my cooking *spits in a napkin*
ID	2	@michaelbolton Yes...met Jon last yr at an interesting &quot;Questionning Agile&quot; Agile 2008 session.  Don't see him on this yr's schedule.
ID	4	@KoFiBaBy wats gooood !! miss yall already
ID	2	@HayesN  How come everyone seems to make so much more money than me.
ID	2	i dont feel good! sick to my stomach
ID	4	this day cant go by any slower
ID	2	Redskins release Jon Jansen.  That guy put in a ton of sweat and bruises for the team.  He will be missed.    http://tinyurl.com/mdewfk
ID	2	@breedimetria I'm talking bout everyone in general, no one wants to play with me
ID	2	Education doesn't move forward because we keep repeating our past (sigh)
ID	2	Got back from Arizona yesterday.  Moved the furniture and stuff out of the Arizona house and shipped it to Redwood City.    How sad.
ID	4	about to head to Starbucks. was gonna take the bus to Paradise and Starbucks, but missed it by 2 minutes.
ID	4	@smartie999 That's me on a good day
ID	3	@fstrevisan voc que sumiu forever do msn.
ID	3	I'm a lil sad looks like nomore brooklyn 4 a while WTF @lailashah
ID	2	Can not get pictures to print without brown splotches. Must not have gotten tanks clean enough... Will have to do again prob
ID	2	i feel extra-nauseous all of a sudden, like my stomach wasn't ready to resume peristalsis after the events of two nights prior
ID	2	sure wish the cat would stop hiding
ID	3	@thedrumlife Oh we're friends now? You know you're so up &amp; down with me.  I retract my last statement thennnnnnnn.
ID	4	@xombie yeah, NO. I already called to ask.
ID	3	this chipotle line is out the door! but I really want it!!
ID	2	@BROADWAYBOE I work till 6:30 daily at the bank~how do I get free ribfest passes???
ID	2	oh no  according to laineygossip, taylena is OVER!  bc of his fame?! gosh poor @selenagomez two heartbreaks in a row :-/
ID	4	@myersandchang it's not.
ID	4	Hi ho its off to work i go again
ID	4	@DavidArchie I listening Your album on youtube. So awesome. But i can't buy it
ID	4	My poor poor mouth
ID	2	some1 said if your not online your a no1...if you are online your a no1.. can't bloody win  lol
ID	3	@marisette Weird! Maybe all the updates just aren't being sent to my phone  Haha
ID	4	going to work at one sucks, I miss happy hour at sonic
ID	2	@alissas I can't believe that he almost got put down, before the rescue group went and got him.
ID	2	Snap. Breaking out again
ID	2	is very worried about sam  and wants to know he okay!
ID	2	@snow_whitex gratz on your tix. sux u will be poor tho  I am trying to get pj harvey tix too but debating my $$s too
ID	4	@JazzyLadee1908  I try pretty hard to engage everyone I follow! Some of them lack interesting shit to say so they end up unfollowed
ID	4	@jewelinthesky was able to create an iTunes acct but can no longer redeem the Kris Allen album. note said it got canceled
ID	2	chris came over for exactly one hour  i moped around after he left and ended up falling asleep.
ID	2	Yeah I think I touched something that had mikes germs on it because I have a sore throat now  dammit I knew I should have not gone there!
ID	0	Busy busy bee.....  I wish I didn't have 2 do laundry! Worst
ID	1	Busy busy bee.....  I wish I didn't have 2 do laundry! Worst
ID	4	Really mad at myself for forgetting about the May 24 deadline for the 40,000 mile award trips to South America on @UnitedAirlines
ID	4	wat a stressful week i jus hope everything falls into place 4me
ID	2	@ThePrinceBeMe Awww why you giving me sad faces? That's how you feel?
ID	2	wonders why am I so clumsy lately?  http://plurk.com/p/x28ka
ID	2	I miss my site!!
ID	3	@kaylee2o3 HA! finally found someone I know! happy summer Kaylee, too bad I dont get to kick next to you anymore
ID	2	Wish i was famous like some of d people im following
ID	3	@coollike are you daft  your now going to recieve a million friend invites on xbox now and one of them shall be me
ID	2	@bustermcleod Oh shit, happy late birthday! (my txt didn't send  )
ID	2	Lover's bus is late. that means i won't see him until three hours later than planned.
ID	4	@sallyorourke What do you mean by your portfolio is sad?  No luck here.  I've applied about 30 places so far.
ID	4	piecing a photo quilt for Boeing employees to be hung in Huntington Beach. Sadly, many people in the quilt pics are now laid off.
ID	2	Yorks V Lancs on the telly. Not going too well for Yorkshire.
ID	4	@flashlight Hah! Just wait till you turn 40
ID	2	Pissing annoying date stamp on all my pictures. Wish I'd remembered to turn it off.
ID	2	Thinking about opening MacMaze sources as I don't have time to work on it anymore
ID	2	@fmpug doh! I'm out of town so I can't get my results from the mail
ID	2	I ruined my lunch by eating half a bag of cheddar popcorn....now I feel sick.
ID	0	I hate: midgets! Smfh! Had a dream I was fightin 1 LN in Boston Market, turbull! He kept head bunting me
ID	1	I hate: midgets! Smfh! Had a dream I was fightin 1 LN in Boston Market, turbull! He kept head bunting me
ID	2	I wish pitchfork would shutup about #primavera.  Makes me miss spain
ID	2	office hours/trying to make my computer feel better.
ID	2	At work sick  but I'm ok to the mall!
ID	0	@nick_carter  Ey boy!! I cant see the video because youtube says me :The vid is private. Why?  I want to see it. Besos grandes guapo!!
ID	1	@nick_carter  Ey boy!! I cant see the video because youtube says me :The vid is private. Why?  I want to see it. Besos grandes guapo!!
ID	2	Thinking about Con Law, fighting a headache, &amp; Paying bills...
ID	4	saying goodbye to @jesshowe for a year  she's been awesome in helping me fit into the team at Veritas!
ID	2	Yeah. It's sad.
ID	3	Today's ABA has been full of emotional tears  #ASD #autism some days are harder than others.  Its hard to not intervene  poor baby
ID	4	@cheesetal i miss coffee
ID	3	@yikes77 It would be great if those VIPS were for some acts I'd enjoy seeing, but noooo.
ID	3	Jus got back from a run up sunset blvd! My cuzin tried to kill me my legs are still movin and I'm sittin down!!
ID	2	going to the doctors
ID	4	@bowwow614 Hey! Is it going to be viewable in the UK this time?  It broke my heart when I couldn't play the last one  haha.
ID	4	@ESPNCommunityEd Don't forget Nash, how disappointing as a Suns fan
ID	2	Truck has bit the dust, don't know if I'll make the Mustangs game tomorrow
ID	4	i feel some type of way cause im not talkin to anyone...
ID	2	my whole back is burnt from tanning. ouch
ID	2	needs a job
ID	2	im hungry.due to last night's dinner..or lack there of.. someone take care of me
ID	3	@netmogul that sounds soooo good right now mmmm malasadas. i have to have more before i leave today
ID	4	I think I'm gonna try to go vegetarian again....and no soda and majorly cutback on beer...too many carbs....but its so yummyyy
ID	3	Goodbye sex in the city  let me hurry and give mi cuz that paper work @lailashah !!! Have 2 have summer in BK !!!
ID	2	my trousers are damp.
ID	3	@NormaBecerra the washer se chingo  ha  ha!! I'm busting my grandma lucia waaaaay back in the early 90's lol
ID	3	@brookefraser @loswhit said that @whittakerwoman mentioned bears!  have fun!! P.S bears like Peanut Butter
ID	3	@My3Daughters well it sounds delicious! i'll be laying out on my patio tom, sans pool!  Enjoy your burgers!!
ID	4	@Champion1510 yeah... and neither of them are in huntsville   i would so quit both of my jobs here for one job there.
ID	4	@YSLaurenT me too
ID	2	also just hanging right now?? just bored hahaha didn't have to work again today this is different....  no hours no money lol whatev
ID	4	@theemptynest  I've had that before...sometimes, they turn into other things; felt is very forgiving. Remould? Cut up and re-form?
ID	4	@eeks_ I wish you were here NOWWW!!! grrrrrrr
ID	4	hi guys just doing da usael notmuch really! &lt;3 sad me
ID	3	@jazzjeet haha you would do that =P that's cute. nobody ever comes to visit me  god damn lake geneva and how far it is from civilizati ...
ID	2	Trying to figure out how to use Twitter.......I'm old
ID	2	Next weeks dlc is fail  Can't wait for Maiden in two weeks though ;)
ID	4	@julnas But then you might end up like that poor bus driver...  And, this is kinda weird, but I wish I was there today! :o
ID	4	@xbooernsx I am so jealous. I want a free hamburger
ID	2	Ok... No one was interested in my special.   Now the popcorn is stale! What a waste. I'm going to find a homeless person to give it to ...
ID	4	@sunflower_seeds dude don't say that
ID	4	needs more followers
ID	4	Grr...Fatboy Slim is out of the EDC Lineup.
ID	4	i have a empty house and no ine to share it with
ID	4	@reactiveretro yeah i agree, he was the best! aww why did he leeaave??
ID	4	@Ohmahlanta Esther does not want to deal!
ID	3	Just watched the trailer for the new Sam Raimi movie, Drag me to Hell.  Looks interesting, but there was no humor in it.
ID	2	I'm siiiiiickkk  I dun feel good!!
ID	2	@AngelaRyan jet blue is okay I guess. They cancel flights and don't have a lot of backup planes. And no first class
ID	3	Field day over. Lots of great action fotos. Ate lunch, need 2 showr, tidy hse, get ready 4 stamp club. Btw Mexican skin got 2 tan 2day
ID	0	Ugh.. Fricken Internet is down. Can do like 0 work without it. I want back in college just for the connection
ID	1	Ugh.. Fricken Internet is down. Can do like 0 work without it. I want back in college just for the connection
ID	4	In checkout line...kate &amp; jon splashed all over us weekly. sad
ID	4	@lilvanillafrop that's not funny
ID	2	@t0astbandit eesh, sorry to hear that. That isn't going to make travel to Michigan very fun.
ID	4	I need some motivation in my life, oh and some love would be nice too
ID	2	Meeting my best friend first thing in the morning to the gym! Omg I am still so shocked. I hope you will get better soon
ID	2	@SquireX6 harrump gagging for beer, noone wants to play
ID	2	soooo sunburnt  my mum was out earlier so i had to wait for her to get in and fell asleep on the trampoline for 2 hours in the sun (U)
ID	2	Getting ready for work... think I'm catching a cold  yay!! Now I gotta pull a 9 hour shift... holla at ya sometime tomorrow.. peace
ID	2	@thisislivestyle man yes BrOoKlYn goes hard but longstory short have 2 get comfy in windy !!!
ID	2	UGH BUT I N33D T0G0 BAD..
ID	4	bye bye South Beach....u never let me down
ID	0	I really ain't woth a f*ck. I can't do anythin right.   What's wrong with me?
ID	1	I really ain't woth a f*ck. I can't do anythin right.   What's wrong with me?
ID	2	#Vancouver gets tough with slum landlords..ew backed up sewage   http://bit.ly/16UrvV http://bit.ly/16UrvV
ID	4	r @njsharkman  that squeeze bacon looks like poop
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/670ar - this is post guitar hero ass kicking
ID	2	becoz of leg sprain nta ble to do proper wrkouts. Worried shud dis hapen wen i satrted dieting...
ID	2	@theyjusthowl
ID	4	Well that's the last of the Fabs gone
ID	2	Hi everybody! Sorry for the long listening. Iwas too busy.
ID	3	@NeilDavidson happened about three weeks ago. Why, is there a serial card fraudster on the loose?
ID	4	*eekkk* back to work
ID	2	Sitting at valley ....my hummer has a boo boo
ID	4	I want to hang out and play!  But I can't.  Fiddle Faddle on my workload!
ID	2	@Beadz2Pleaz I think that's what's wrong with me.  Stuffed up and when I breathe in it feels like a sore throat
ID	4	Gosh I miss singer's theater.  I miss learning music, doing acting exercises, n I ESPECIALLY miss being onstage.
ID	2	Oh noes! The TV is broken  No red standby light or anything... checked the plug fuse... now to the inside
ID	4	@SoulAfrodisiac I feel you on that one....I moved recently and now the nearest @wholefoods is an hour away
ID	3	@babyblueonline omg I'm so sorry to hear that!  If you really need to talk to someone I'm always on here. I'm a shoulder you lean on
ID	3	Pooping in a Pennsylvania rest stop!  I hate using public toilets
ID	3	I miss having nothing to do except lay out beside the pool every day of the summer.  That was much better than spending all day in class.
ID	3	@Kenzielee_ Oh god, yeah! I forgot about that
ID	4	It's gonna suck being the only sober one tonight
ID	4	@theNetImp yeah... it's gonna be a long while for me.
ID	0	Sad making! Bought Guitar Hero Metallica for my hard working soldier and it is not reading disc!
ID	1	Sad making! Bought Guitar Hero Metallica for my hard working soldier and it is not reading disc!
ID	4	HR says ca is taking more tax out of my checks.
ID	0	@thebookpolice actually, in Sweden the IKEA's do have rooms to stay the night. Not here though, I'll have to stay across the street.
ID	1	@thebookpolice actually, in Sweden the IKEA's do have rooms to stay the night. Not here though, I'll have to stay across the street.
ID	2	got FOXY_ a new brew buddy now my kitchen is gonna smell
ID	3	It's official, I'm finally getting grey hairs at 36  #fb
ID	2	@AmyDeWitt I'm sorry you're not having the best day - neither am I though  Are you working tonight??
ID	4	Feeling bad for @taylorshockley profile pic
ID	2	I'm half awake in my comm theory section... Wahhhh! I want my bed...
ID	4	@itstrizunigs actually, the web works fine. tweetdeck seems to be the culprit  sadness! it's done this at two diff. locations
ID	3	is enjoying the nice weather but has been stuck indoors writing an essay for most of it
ID	3	last day of Bedford County History with @corriemichael  gossiping and twittering away as usual...
ID	3	@matty500 Congratulations! I wish I could be there to see it happen.
ID	4	hate working when its sunny,boohoo
ID	2	Dilated pupils suck. The computer screen hurts my eyes so I won't be on the comp for a while.
ID	0	Almost all are here now! Tomorrow at 8 we start! 291km's of mud  - http://mobypicture.com/?zx33t1
ID	1	Almost all are here now! Tomorrow at 8 we start! 291km's of mud  - http://mobypicture.com/?zx33t1
ID	2	@reggaeluv2000 haha it's great. but i slept horribly last night.
ID	3	@nick_carter the video is private
ID	3	was laughed at today for being too hopeful with the things...
ID	2	I saw a squirrel get hit by a car while walking to bart this morning...wondering if there was anything I could have done.
ID	2	been shoppin all day and got a headache (which i still have) i got 1 boyfriend style shirt and didnt find a new bracelet 2 wear
ID	2	@tacoman667 Not available in my area  I would too
ID	2	Dads should ask their 22 year old sons before drinking.
ID	3	@WreckTheLaw Great write up.  Player won't start though
ID	2	@MDHOLLA Sharing #ff with my twitter fam. I won't be on too much longer got a real busy day. I can't twitter from my phone
ID	4	@shakes1327 Sadly no robot songs in my library.
ID	2	I've been really tough, but it still sucks to live 5000 miles away from your family when you crave for Korean homemade meal.
ID	3	Evenin' tweeties. Phew it's been hot! Not that I'm complaining. Walked 4 miles into town today and felt all hot 'n sweaty   Was nice tho.
ID	2	I just got busted by the owner of our company playing with a squishy ball at my desk...he asked if I needed more work to keep busy
ID	4	No running for the past couple of days due to bad knee   Still, Guitar Hero Metallica arrived and has kept me amused...Time to ROCK!!!
ID	4	@charlieskies  that is actually a better name than fluffballthegodzilla (my youtube username).  ive been beaten
ID	4	i want so bad to go to the mcfly's concert
ID	2	Cleaning + finding stuff to sell. I'm so poor.
ID	3	tonight in party w/ my girls (minus vita)
ID	2	My heart has been beating irregularly ever since last night. I don't want to explode or implode
ID	2	Just hit the 3000 word mark for his Geography Notes, and I'm not even doing it for GCSE? Mean while I've done a page of history
ID	4	why nobody write with me ? !
ID	4	#hollyoaks .... The curse of justin strikes again.... Date the burton and end up screwed  poor sod
ID	0	Hate I am going to miss the tweet up this weekend
ID	1	Hate I am going to miss the tweet up this weekend
ID	2	family are home doesnt seem like they missed me at all tbh
ID	4	@joshuardean you are on mii shit list...Permanent mii dude
ID	2	I forgot to charge my cell last night and now it's dead
ID	2	has dislocated her knee  *bad/painful times* gas + air and morphine are fun though
ID	2	I'm still waiting to find out what #caca stands for - hoping it's not what I think it is since you #follow me for #caca.
ID	2	I wanna longboard but it's raining ughhhhhh
ID	3	shopping! Migawd. i don't want to surf the net anymore.
ID	3	@LolliroyAngel yep im very jelous too  id love to be in miley position haha x
ID	2	@MiiZxP ohhh wowwww no good
ID	4	Oh no! I used my internal sig for an external e-mail  damn. #fb
ID	2	@Col_RFTL Think @PembsDave must have blocked me as not heard a Tweet from him for a while
ID	4	@Mig177 its what i say why!!!! k4ge last day at the job today  we wont be saying him around anymore
ID	4	I need to stop being sick.
ID	0	Ready to kill myself  i hate history
ID	1	Ready to kill myself  i hate history
ID	0	YESSS, FLASH IS BEING SHITTY TONIGHT!  It.........takes.................time...........to.........open...........a..........webpage......
ID	1	YESSS, FLASH IS BEING SHITTY TONIGHT!  It.........takes.................time...........to.........open...........a..........webpage......
ID	2	I do NOT feel good today
ID	2	translating my topic &quot;quadratic congruences&quot; for my tutorial in elementary number theory  I have to do this tutorial OMG
ID	2	@thesehazeleyz  if you need to talk or vent let me know
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/670rw - i miss my puppy
ID	3	@2TuffDC i dunno what i'm gonna do. i love my skinny jeans!
ID	3	I wanna go, I wanna go!!!! but I can't
ID	2	YES I AM GOING TO BE A SOPHMORE IN COLLEGE. Geez. Cant get a job cause everyone thinks im fifteen.
ID	0	and this terrible cartoon that's supposed to be mexican.
ID	1	and this terrible cartoon that's supposed to be mexican.
ID	2	@AnditisLiz Hey Hey!! I got this custom designed, one of a kind Superfresh T over here with somebodies name on it collecting dust
ID	2	@pitbull_fan76 ROFL!  THAT'S my problem, only two hands
ID	4	@SuprnaturlShana but he looks so much better with short hair
ID	4	ah remember the days when you'd sleep in until noon? well guess who did that today? god i feel like a loser
ID	2	sore throat and a headache starting on a friday is not a good sign
ID	2	Summer makes me feel ugly  all the pretty people are out showin off their good genes  damn them to hell!!!
ID	2	feeling the need for more advil.
ID	4	@WeeWifie1981 lol, we are staying in, Craig got footy, so Molly and me missing all the good weather, we have no buggy either.
ID	2	Watchin Hollyoaks...poor Justin!
ID	0	@TinaBinaTooReal not funny he profiled my ass. Like wtf? I'm still kinda heated. Ugh
ID	1	@TinaBinaTooReal not funny he profiled my ass. Like wtf? I'm still kinda heated. Ugh
ID	2	@Ariel_Meir ohhhh ouch dude, I got it now I was drunk last night and didn't get the context. Sorry dude.
ID	4	got caught in the rain outside. now im cold bbbrrr
ID	3	@StylistaMunchee I lluuvv u too..  ahhh im gonna miss u evenn moreee! lol
ID	4	goodbye picnic for a classmate today  but the weather was fucking beautifuul!!!
ID	3	Proof of heat  good day wish I hadn't spent most of it in bed  http://twitpic.com/670tp
ID	4	School Over!!! I'm gonna miss a bunch of people
ID	2	Dana just found out she doesn't get to take lunch now, but rather in an hour. Hello delivery.  http://plurk.com/p/x29ss
ID	3	can't wait to watch the Tonight Show, this evening last one with Jay
ID	2	@DavidSadof I'm not sure about this tweet business  Why are the simple things so difficult?
ID	3	My car is home. Yay! $613.22 Boo!  I'm paying my mom in installments. I gave her $200 today. I so need to win the lottery. :\
ID	3	@gnimsh forgot to answer your kindle question yesterday. honestly, haven't used it much. have two paperback books i want 2 read first.
ID	0	both electronic keys stopped working. there is no keyhole! cant get in my car. so much for technology
ID	1	both electronic keys stopped working. there is no keyhole! cant get in my car. so much for technology
ID	2	nataliaflewell  hey all so bored and in pain .. anyway god is my love life ever screwd
ID	2	1st day of work today was a bit tiring but ok lol now onto college work
ID	2	@jesshartley Oh, don't hurt yourself!!
ID	4	I've got sunburn on my arm  In better news, my new Guitar Hero: Metallica game came and I beyond happy about that.
ID	2	@dekhmcclelland One's gone to my husband who's going alone  Other I might just leave at box office under a random name for anyone...
ID	4	I'm missing everything at work  I want pix of @ipinklemonade !!
ID	3	I am also wasting time til my cab gets here. spamspamspam. Also Keiths motorbike was nicked. WELL shit.
ID	0	I hate crowds   http://tr.im/mONi
ID	1	I hate crowds   http://tr.im/mONi
ID	4	OMG i just realised while listening to &quot;perfect story&quot; penny liked dr horrible!!! damn you captain hammer!  omg im so sad now!
ID	0	It's the weekend, its sunny..... and I got another puncture!!!
ID	1	It's the weekend, its sunny..... and I got another puncture!!!
ID	0	@followfrankie u feeling urself so much u cant say hi???  me no likey u
ID	1	@followfrankie u feeling urself so much u cant say hi???  me no likey u
ID	2	@MistressJett Ouch, I'm sorry then
ID	2	@MissCalderon that was horrible. I didnt ask u to. But u didn't have to laugh about it.  it hurt a little inside here *pints toward heart*
ID	2	is on the road now! with 7 hours ahead and a beautiful girl behind
ID	4	Schools out, but works in
ID	2	@thehottestboys  i think its like 1million degrees here &lt;3
ID	2	Sad that our neighbors just cut down ALL the trees around their house! It looked so pretty before, and they seemed healthy.  Tragic.
ID	2	I don't think my friends like me anymore  (via #zenjar )
ID	2	My throat hurts
ID	3	@paulineee: I know!! Im so excited. We cant go earlierrr than the afternoon?  I love you tooz &lt;3
ID	4	Last business day of the month is the wrong time to get new tags. About 45 people
ID	2	class is almostt over
ID	2	wishing technology wasn't so complicated
ID	2	@ferretprincess are you having any problems sending images from Twitterberry  mine just doesn't want to work ! Xxx
ID	3	Got my new phone - now to program everything since my old one had no memory card like this one
ID	3	Anyone have a Super Nintendo Controller they want to sell me? Mine broke.
ID	2	Looking for a new laptop battery. Why are they so expensive??
ID	2	@cdlstatus are you guys dead again?  I can't load it up
ID	0	someone WOULD give a speech about loved ones in the hospital. Stupid COMM class
ID	1	someone WOULD give a speech about loved ones in the hospital. Stupid COMM class
ID	0	i don't know !!
ID	1	i don't know !!
ID	4	@hypernyck if i can get a ticket, but the pickings are lookin slim soo prob not
ID	4	Heading to work - on my Friday off.
ID	3	@me_chiel Well...I would love to have a Zoo! ;P Dont think I can be there sunday.  But sometime I will !I want to!
ID	2	@renay How come?
ID	4	Is on the couch hungover--don't expect much out of me today
ID	2	@Jtabzz Sorrry  I'm ready to leave.
ID	4	@ederyn Just bad day. T_____T Gyah. No car, baby-client is teething and miserable, I forgot to pack a lunch, and I has to get a new car.
ID	4	Flash lost my frisby on a roof. Sad days LOL
ID	0	I hate the dentist
ID	1	I hate the dentist
ID	0	@vamp411316 haha that sucks! actually mine is worse. mines ft math  eww
ID	1	@vamp411316 haha that sucks! actually mine is worse. mines ft math  eww
ID	2	My aim is not working due to network problems
ID	4	i'm still here in the office...and the sun is shining
ID	2	Being tall has its ups and downs , my legs are in pain
ID	2	@stephaniejack Geez sorry to hear Steph, I hope things improve soon. I know that ain't much sorry
ID	2	Such a beautiful day...wish my bike hadn't been run over by a car - hit and run.   #bikeTO
ID	4	oh my gosh!!! hollyoaks was so sad tonite
ID	4	Way to many people were crying at the school picnic and now I have to decide if I want to go back or go to public. I'm confused and sad
ID	2	poor baby girl chloe is freaking out because of all of the noise!  She so cute and pitiful hiding under the middle of the table!
ID	3	Carol Vorderman cancelled her interivew with me... so now I have no proof against all you non-believers!
ID	4	i bit my tongue sooo bad...it's swollen.
ID	4	@AlexisTai please don't roll your eyes. I can't handle that.  *cries*
ID	2	@pattyxxcore I don't know, ask Carolyn. Also, we won't have the boxes empty by the time you get off.
ID	4	mcfly anit been on here in ages  z
ID	2	ugh back in reno
ID	2	I'm slightly disturbed by Hollyoaks tonight.  I really don't think it's something that should have been shown at 6.30pm...
ID	2	@JeffSays yeah, precisely what I was thinking
ID	4	Working during graduation. What a shame.
ID	2	i waited too long to buy pink tickets!  now we're going to be in nose bleed!!  how sad  we're taking binoculars...
ID	2	just spent an hour trying to get the newborn bird in my front garden to fly. poor baby  no success!
ID	2	argh, i don't feel too good
ID	0	lif's unfair....luk wat it did to ma frend...i m so hating it
ID	1	lif's unfair....luk wat it did to ma frend...i m so hating it
ID	4	SPGridView is looking prettier, but I'm pretty sure my code is very ugly.
ID	4	is feeling the effects of spring. My sinuses are killing me
ID	2	My tomato soup tastes like red peppers
ID	4	Soo sad my McMcBuddy thinks I look like I could have a little rainbow  ... I like burritos ok! BURRITOS!!!
ID	2	@lisajcopen Sorry you are having a bad week. I feel like if I could get good sleep, I would be so much better too. Fog
ID	2	LONELY, I AM SO LONELYYYY ... @fempi plz come back
ID	2	@knightedbishop endodontist should be able to do it without removing it. Just hope my ceramic crown doesn't shatter some time later
ID	2	The sun just came out!!! Pray for me guys!!!  Writing skills test   No pass, no class, no graduate -.-
ID	3	Today has been a nice positive  fun day , after several weeks of bum days
ID	4	No one loves me  Brittany forgot my flowers...
ID	4	@austincarlile I'm sad.  I want to go to the sd zoo. say hi to the giraffes and elephants and polar bears for me!
ID	2	@icklemonkey My Photoshop won't let me save anything  Due to a disk error. The blend took me 1.5 hours!
ID	0	@debbieseraphina not very effective for me  i am stuck! i either sit up, let it cramp or lie down and pay the consequence later. EEPS!
ID	1	@debbieseraphina not very effective for me  i am stuck! i either sit up, let it cramp or lie down and pay the consequence later. EEPS!
ID	4	really not feelin well...
ID	4	@McDayDreamer some..and some not  only my 2 best friends go to the same school..the others change schools.
ID	2	out with dad to see up.  sad that mom cannot come
ID	3	@orbitaldiamonds awww bb, you sound lonely  I want to drive up there/fly and snuggle you too
ID	4	i think june gloom has arrived
ID	2	Wheres my phone ?!
ID	2	Homey missed da bus.
ID	2	@letsocietydream I think i would die if they played Pushit. I missed them when they came last time. When Isis toured with them
ID	2	@heathervescent sorry didn't get to see you
ID	3	@sheszladii  LOL! Girl that video disturbed me  and I love the hk theme too cute!
ID	2	woke up to boxes to the ceiling and now he can't find his yerba mate or coffee beans.
ID	0	wow. i just install twitter fox. I am tired to keep refresh my browser
ID	1	wow. i just install twitter fox. I am tired to keep refresh my browser
ID	4	some advice for all of you: dont pressure wash your foot. it hurts and is not worth it. you really do want the skin on your foot. FYI. ow
ID	2	feel like a junkie  i live in chronic pain disorder with fentanyl an morphin, that is not nice... it really sucks
ID	2	@angelabc hi angela, can you check your email? I need one thing from you (sorry if it's your day off  )
ID	4	Can today go any slower? Time is just dragging by.
ID	2	@itsaimee sorry, that's probably my fault.
ID	4	Urghh, I'm gonna do my project now  don't wanna waste valuable weekend time
ID	4	@CuteRain following 865 and followers 539...not nice
ID	4	@LCPromotions  I doubt it! Boo! You always leave me behind on your awesome roadtrips!
ID	2	@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/5ut6j - Poor Thing
ID	3	@SilveryBeing  *hug*
ID	4	So has anyone had that yucky new throwback pepsi and mountain dew yet? If they plan on keeping it around, I will not be drinking it!
ID	2	shoutout to @denzelburks we're both starvin like homeless cambodian kids  lmao
ID	4	@Maestro so I wanted to DM you back but I couldn't cuz your not following me  but thankss anyways, maybe ill see ya around in ELLE-AY  ...
ID	2	@imreallydope your phone isn't working!
ID	2	just ran some ACCELA unit tests for the first time in about 2 years... and they failed
ID	2	@torreyryan Yeah, I thought that was very little warning for you guys.   I don't miss 12-9 shifts 6 days/wk with no break, that's for sure
ID	4	is sad because his tea and oatmeal are cold
ID	2	@vronmcintyre I want an espresso machine
ID	2	@HighRawFoods I am sorry.
ID	0	DIDO &quot;US 2 Little Gods&quot; http://ow.ly/9UIn &quot;Just this moment/ Let it all stop here/ I've had my fill&quot;...words that make you panic...
ID	1	DIDO &quot;US 2 Little Gods&quot; http://ow.ly/9UIn &quot;Just this moment/ Let it all stop here/ I've had my fill&quot;...words that make you panic...
ID	2	@bernadinee thank for ur gnite and... *thank* for ur photo of sims 3... heart broken here
ID	3	@detrick Hey! So glad it's Friday but not happy that I just ate a bad apple
ID	3	Finished new moon! Woo! Now i want the next one...
ID	3	Been sitting in garden with my mummy and also got a text from the boy who i thought had GOT THE HINT    obviously not.
ID	2	@bcran we'll see Craig might just hog u guys! haha I work till 10 tonight anyways
ID	2	Just saw half the RRO staff walk by...sadly I didn't see @legmar or @mtacheme
ID	4	Im sad right now becuz of my lady
ID	3	http://bit.ly/NYhMZ  Dionusia made me do it
ID	4	wants to goto lonovala for frenz wedding....bt....no transport arrngmnts wrkg out
ID	2	@niftybitch time to leave a passive agressive note to the owners.  It's not the dog's fault... it's their shitty owners
ID	4	will be lonely for 4 days because @trizia will be in baguio.   http://plurk.com/p/x2apl
ID	2	@chantelmybell  that's no bueno...hope u feel better!
ID	2	Feeling like the bum of this recession.  Don't try to call or text me.
ID	3	@Boy_Kill_Boy I know the feeling
ID	2	@XxMolliexX I mean someone hit a dog with a car. It was just laying there
ID	2	Nice to come out of a business meeting feeling desired &amp; valuable. Now, to come out of a date like that..! (Or, to go on a date at all..)
ID	3	@te0h hahah no not that valley. that's cool valley. texas valley. like...rio grande valley. ahhaha i wish i lived in california valley
ID	3	So much for buying that awesome new phone from sony ericsson  - I am now Berry'd like everyone else...
ID	3	just got the dreaded call from babysitter - little H has bumped her head  Sitter says she's fine and goose egg is going down fast
ID	2	@jaymckenney gosh, I'm sorry man.  I'll hope for good news.
ID	2	Trying to stay upbeat while I wait to get my keys out of my locked car
ID	4	@CaroTheNyx aww im sorry im home now hope your ok  i love ya wifey &lt;3 xx
ID	0	This is getting on my nerves. I cant change my pic
ID	1	This is getting on my nerves. I cant change my pic
ID	4	Running around town with Kathleen....she's leaving me for a month..
ID	2	Got insurance forms for Polo. Feel a bit  Has to be done though.
ID	2	@mommypages I wish our @COSICols didn't close
ID	2	just got home from doing the big shop totally munched out because i was so starving and im at weigh in in the morning oops
ID	4	its impossible to watch in full ANY flash video with my mac after 5.7
ID	3	such.a.tease.
ID	2	really ill again not been well for 2 weeks, i've got a bad viral infection.
ID	3	Dollhouse was saved!!! Its coming back for another season!!! Too bad scrubs isn't
ID	3	Loves using remote access to use my desktop from my laptop.  -- Back from Emerge once again.
ID	2	Going to tmobile  i need a new phone this G1 is so not working for me anymore
ID	3	@ChristinaHz no wayyy, that's too funny.  well he sure is missing out, but ever since you left, i feel i am too  when is your next visit?
ID	4	@TeelaJBrown i know, i was on the list, but had to miss out b/c of conflicting plans  how did it go?
ID	2	is incredibly worried about Stanley...
ID	3	An hour of walking in hot weather = a satisfied but hurting Nellie.  Ow, blisters.
ID	2	i thnk ima cry i feel rlly bad
ID	4	watching the final episode of boys before flowers
ID	3	I'm being held captive on my day of freedom.
ID	4	Hey #socialmediatv ugh no way to do video&gt;blah {pouts}   (Social Media TV live &gt; http://ustre.am/2NjV)
ID	4	is pumped and bummed all at the same time.......
ID	4	Tonight the last night of Jay Leno!!!  am gonna cry like a baby!!
ID	3	Shouldn't sit weirdly at the pc, I know Im going to hit the deck once I get up
ID	2	is missing someone.. haayy..  http://plurk.com/p/x2avn
ID	3	@fishieee Haha, it'll be gross by the time it comes back.    Tell you what .. we'll Yum! Vancouver some malay spot soon, or just go indian
ID	3	@lancearmstrong I want a massage!!!
ID	2	Bloody sunburned
ID	4	@jclayville // i feel your pain. i once lived in an apt for 6 mos where the previous tenant had 4 cats. burning eyes/tight lungs =  gregg
ID	4	@dan87 where have you been, child? i miss you, we haven't msned in days!
ID	2	oh no. opera 10 is not google friendly  *weeps*
ID	2	Starting to spoil my pug since her brother Max passed away on Tuesday. We miss him.
ID	3	@Caroljs Warren has just died.. hannah has been killed.. and I'm gutted!!! I love warren (even if he is nasty!!)
ID	0	Tummy hurts  oh noes
ID	1	Tummy hurts  oh noes
ID	2	@jennytornado DAMN IT! I want to see that movie sooo bad.  Don't tell me anything. hehe.
ID	4	Sad! Casue everyone is going their seperate ways! Never going to see my friends again!
ID	2	@keylahtia yes I'm starting to feel the effects of humidity
ID	2	annoyed and overwhelmed
ID	4	I wish it would rain...but it won't
ID	4	@RetroRewind dave why why why can't this happen when I'm not working and can listen?! :::whining big time:::
ID	4	@unmarketing Fun idea. But, if we saw how clothing would really look on the slouchy, would we buy? Think not.   People R buying the dream.
ID	4	Really sick
ID	2	never answer me back
ID	2	@Alligood So sorry to hear about the kiddo!  Hope she feels lots better now that the cast is on
ID	2	Potluck for danielle taking veggie tray. I will miss her
ID	4	Hes just not that into you
ID	2	@CoachDeb I'm game, too bad your leaving HI!
ID	0	specially when you're already burneded. wore mums shoes as well, and now im all blistered. it sucks balls..
ID	1	specially when you're already burneded. wore mums shoes as well, and now im all blistered. it sucks balls..
ID	2	@katie84 You don't get them anymore?
ID	3	off to go buy more deck sleeves and 3X3 card pages.  Man, those pages are expensive!   Stupid organizing collection.
ID	2	California's budget deficit (now at $24.3 billion) means big problems and lots of cuts, including 220 of our state parks
ID	4	i burned my tongue!  @ workkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk,
ID	2	@KissofJudas  Lupo's is a bit far for you methinks, luv. They're an hour out of my way in Providence. I love Providence.
ID	4	is soooo hungry right now! Why is it not lunch time!
ID	4	At pool in Orlando got new kicks  going to seaworld tommrow miss my best friend
ID	3	@btocher  http://bit.ly/TVERS - ever been here? the night we didnt meet  we ended up here - possibly the best pizza this side of Chicago!
ID	4	Being bored is always so much more fun with a companion. Missing my bff alreadyyyy!!!!
ID	2	Yay, it's friday and boo i'm so broke i have no dosh
ID	3	@DerrenLitten  ITV plugging the Special a lot. Have a great night all of you, will miss your tweets when you come back home
ID	4	i made an okay rap mix   i couldnt have the stuff i wanted  im getting ready to leave
ID	4	jus skinned my knee. Wat am i 6!?!?! Hurts lyke hell tho. Its always tha little ones that hurt tha most.
ID	4	I am so sad... How come Pooch Hall from The Game has not accepted my friend request on Facebook Yet
ID	3	I just need to go to the bank
ID	3	3 live p2v migrates, 5 vmware vsp exams, and a magento config, a quiet weekend at party central
ID	3	@isacullen i want more
ID	2	@onchmovement oh no your sick! I'm feeling kinda sick too  and I'm hating this overcast weather!
ID	2	@evylove why no FF for me?
ID	2	@MamaGaea Sorry to hear about your dude probs, what is it that's too much?
ID	2	Gonna have to have arthroscopy to repair my knee
ID	2	@melissa0616 yeah - stomach bug or something. Fever, etc. Not fun.
ID	4	I woke up an came to the realization that I can put it off as much as I want, but I need 2 drop some friends. Dammit!
ID	2	@PinkBerryGirl Aniya666 yours wasn't there
ID	2	Another interview... Please somebody hire me?! But I'm late
ID	2	Sigh. My metal friends keep planning stuff on Sunday afternoons, when I'm at work. Feeling like I'm losing touch with them
ID	4	my life is sad..just had reminder go off on my phone to recharge toothbrush!
ID	4	Now I'm depressed again..ugh!!! HELP!!!
ID	0	Well its a good thing ''march'' wasnt very long and i didnt like it...cuz its deleted. Ugh
ID	1	Well its a good thing ''march'' wasnt very long and i didnt like it...cuz its deleted. Ugh
ID	2	the low point: a poor pigeon outside my building isn't capable of flying. It's just wandering up and down the sidewalk. so sad
ID	2	@NETTUTS I can't wait that long
ID	4	@jpaola no money no honey! hehe too soon  sorry
ID	3	@jpl1953 - Sorry only just seen this - how strange it seems only to happen from my iPhone - perhaps it is a problem with Twitterific
ID	4	@ShaniquaDenise You are sooo lucky. My fiance is away w/the Marine Corps...haven't even seen him yet!
ID	4	not looking forward to driving in this storm.
ID	4	i don't like being sick when the guidance counsellor is supposed to take me + 35 other kids out of school for bowling &amp; pizza
ID	2	why did Reel big fish cover Edna's goldfish
ID	2	is putting on her &quot;suit&quot; (&amp;dont mean jeans&amp;T)&amp;Heading over 2 T-town 2 deal w/ family emergency PLEZ PRAY 4Us  BE back by 630P God willing!
ID	4	@xnicoleex_ yeah sorry i was busy last night  ill try and go next week!
ID	3	Am in the mix on the Galaxy weekend! Love(d) my Friday show! Sweet! Make the most of this one if your listening
ID	0	I so hate riding the bus. 1) It's a damn sauna in the summer! 2) Like could it kill the guy a few seats up to shower once a month??
ID	1	I so hate riding the bus. 1) It's a damn sauna in the summer! 2) Like could it kill the guy a few seats up to shower once a month??
ID	4	shit back home in tallcree (rez)  now i cant see my boyfriend
ID	4	I just cried whilst watching hollyoaks  .. i need a life! lol
ID	2	Somebody accidentely sleep for 3 hours instead of 2 and now I can't hang out  WORK BLOWS! sorry @andrew_jones20 and @schmidtfaced
ID	2	@Twisted_Jo my mask is non-existent at the mo  Charis didn't send me one &amp; I haven't been bothered to make one! I'm wearing boy clothes!
ID	3	http://bit.ly/6Jo0v  HOW GENIUS!! He looks  good in bret, LOV HIM WHY cancelled concert in france i was ready men
ID	4	@itsonlytuesday I would if I wasn't working today.
ID	2	That poor goose.
ID	3	@tashababyyy i'm getting them this weekend. aw, i really want you to!
ID	3	@cocoacast I need to move to NY, SanFran, or Seattle to get worth-a-crap internet speeds
ID	2	Head is throbbing from lack of sleep and still have mucho work. Doesn't feel like a Friday
ID	3	1 week and 1 one day to go.
ID	3	Just got back from lunch and feeling more like a nap is in order than work  But I will press on!
ID	4	@Skewp420 We can miss our babies together, haha. I'm dreading taking him to the kennel.
ID	4	@melissaha What?! You have to be kidding me - it's an AZ landmark! This kinda news makes me sad
ID	2	@geektoad   Woot! lol  It's gonna be hard to send this one back
ID	4	@amber_benson It's raining where I am. I wish it wasn't.
ID	3	i'm soooooo sleeeeepy!!! the last day o' school was today....sniffle....
ID	2	@c0v89 i dunno..tipsy gave EVERYTHING in the 1st set and still lost..not sure what mental state he was in - but the injury was bad timing
ID	0	have to return my sideways. fuck meds and bills.
ID	1	have to return my sideways. fuck meds and bills.
ID	2	less than 1 month and im done with high school... ohh my!  my friends
ID	4	whew how did i end up going from mugglespace apps to youtube??? haha its just one of those days i guess. i really hate being ill
ID	4	Ready for this saddenning depressing dullful upsetting dreadful weekend.
ID	2	@xolotl ohhh ok. so like, it's more frustrating? I had my hands on a 3g iphone last week but it was upgraded so i couldn't unlock it
ID	4	Doing dishes...i miss my kitchen team
ID	4	@Victoryhawk Darn. No bacon
ID	2	8 month old African grey parrot  sad sale - Reptile Forums UK http://bit.ly/grrdA
ID	2	@russfischer man i wish i still lived near a drive in  perfect movie experience
ID	2	Sitting in boring ass litterature listening to jack Johnson  missing the gf soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much.
ID	2	has a terrible headache.  I need relief!
ID	4	waaa the octo drive and i can't go for it
ID	2	sooo tired, I wish I had time for a nap before work
ID	2	Day 7 without shower. No end in sight. There is stuff between my toes.
ID	2	@JordanOhlin what happened to winston?
ID	2	Missed my massage appointment..... Now Its 2maro   I needed it
ID	2	@Peeperrzz URGHHHHHHHHHH your makeing me cry
ID	2	@AnonymousNY My closet situation is close to the same.  Except it's not closet located near NYC.
ID	4	ah shit ... my chest hurts now
ID	3	@filos I'm thinking of a dawn shot of Carlingford Lough, the sun will be in the right place this time of year. involves an early rise tho
ID	2	Schoool needs to end, Work tonight 4 to 8  hittt me up after &lt;3
ID	2	Fuck traffic. Going to be late!
ID	2	@ work....boyz make me sick..
ID	0	Hates having broken wrist and has PE next ugh
ID	1	Hates having broken wrist and has PE next ugh
ID	4	RAIN why must you come &quot;after&quot; I flat iron my hair? I have been rockin my curls for 3 weeks and today you decide to come out. not nice!
ID	4	ii wanna go home for thee weekend  but ii have no gas. sukks (_!_)!!
ID	3	HELP!!! I think @benmarvin is crazy funny and can't give him favrd stars  Please help me get him UNBLOCKED from favrd so I can star him
ID	2	still hoping for a job... but now i have strep so looks like i wont be looking around places for the next couple of days
ID	3	@raZeiger i think @taylorswift13 missed me tooo
ID	0	I BET BLACK PLANET, LOL, I DIDNT HAVE A PROBLEM WITH IT, BUT SHE WAS UGLY.
ID	1	I BET BLACK PLANET, LOL, I DIDNT HAVE A PROBLEM WITH IT, BUT SHE WAS UGLY.
ID	0	So bored in chem n im super hungry! Ugh
ID	1	So bored in chem n im super hungry! Ugh
ID	2	My GCSE and A Level work is at least 50x better than my degree work. Oh Uni, what did you do to me?
ID	4	Cancelling my JavaOne  http://ff.im/3nzTH
ID	3	@srslyjustsayin I saw you stalkerishly from the elevator, but Brookie was eating her moracca (?) So we had to go.
ID	3	@CRISCOKIDD this picture made me cry  lol http://www.twitpic.com/671w1
ID	4	Spring cleaning for http://milliontreesnyc.org tomorrow. But the park I want to go clean is not accessible by public transportation.
ID	4	says misses my cousins so badly!!!  http://plurk.com/p/x2bha
ID	4	@RobertsEmma You don't reply to none of your fans ... I don't know what trust
ID	3	@tsa4string Have fun at the show tonight... wish I could be there
ID	3	Finally home! Tp tetep, kurang 3BT buat shooting kamis nih! Huaaaa, stress gila! Syapa lg ya?
ID	2	@omgitsafox I could but won't get here in time before my Vegas trip  So I'll still look like a noob there~
ID	3	@arian_marie:my heart goes out to you
ID	3	Appreciation lunch at work. Good food! But sucks being here on my day off lol
ID	2	To make it worse, its my friends party tonight, and I'm stuck here. I haven't seen her for months
ID	0	GAWD, I'm so tired still! I have to move out of here into my new place by 5:30 PM, cause I work.  So stressed! #FB
ID	1	GAWD, I'm so tired still! I have to move out of here into my new place by 5:30 PM, cause I work.  So stressed! #FB
ID	3	@cupcake_nyc hey sweetie. Cnt go fri  but thnks so much
ID	3	Loving the sunshine! Wish poor Richie would feel better
ID	4	@sandyvanessa89 awwh im sorry  it won't be much longer
ID	2	i didnt post my new song today  i will try and post tomorrow!
ID	2	just got back from the pool, need to ice the knee
ID	2	@KellyFahl Psych has to be better than neuro!  Or at least in a better part of town?  I miss you
ID	4	so fuckin tired. didn't get home till 5:30. work at bjs at 12:15
ID	3	says Goodmorning.  http://plurk.com/p/x2bm1
ID	2	heyy  watching the simpson  with shezza and paula
ID	2	Tasha's really bad haircut. She's being treated for skin cancer and is shaved from neck to tail.  http://twitpic.com/671zy
ID	2	It's not the internal fuse either  Poop. Might have to get the spare out of the loft, although that might be a job for 2 people...
ID	3	Aaggh!! My blackberry curve took a gash in the screen the day AFTER we get invisible shields in stock. Well it'll be a good advertisement
ID	2	was spose to be going to a party tonight but gues what im sick  grrrrr.
ID	2	feeling sorry for Ian. He broke up with his gf, i feel reali sad cos he feels down!  wish i can give him a huge hug right now
ID	4	@memphianmallory Too traumatic to even discuss and none of yall are here!!! Everyone has left for the weekend.
ID	3	@hotnizz WAH! Sayang...
ID	2	@yukihoang i had a dream that u didn't like me
ID	2	@SteveSerrano I adoreeeee Matt Nathanson!! I am so jealous of you right now.
ID	2	@JamesMurphy anything to sell an album. poor thing.
ID	2	@Livvixo god I need to revise today! I'm so lazy
ID	4	im sooo sore... my back hurts, my legs are weak, and im dehydrated. i have to go set up my moms furniture... gay!!!!
ID	3	Got to go shopping with wife down to Tesco's. I knew my day was going to well.
ID	2	@randazzled my phne blocks text
ID	0	Stupid idiot who ran a stop sing and almost killed me and my car!
ID	1	Stupid idiot who ran a stop sing and almost killed me and my car!
ID	2	laptop pooped. new harddrive needed? using DH's old pc now. maybe offline a while  damn BSOD!! happened too many times, Safe Mode only now
ID	2	$4 lonestar pitchers at @mugshotsaustin ?  If only I wasn't still recovering from last weekend's bout of irresponsible gluten consumption
ID	3	The $500 I saved on not buying a couch is going towards paying my visit to ER for UTI
ID	4	Rose City Sirens were uber cool last night!  Wish I could have stayed longer
ID	4	stood on my curlers and burnt myself  then burnt my hand when i picked them up..
ID	2	@motley_sis He got those cars before he lost his job.  He used to make good money. Now he works at McDonalds because nobody will hire him.
ID	4	Is wondering what happened to the sun? Damn May grey!
ID	4	Im feeling so nostalgic. Im sad. But happy. I don't now how to feel. It's over, but not at the same time. It just feels over.  i love you.
ID	2	its sprinkling outside  i hope it doesn't rain during our game ..
ID	4	fuming over ebay purchase gone bad. outta $45 and have nothing to show for it  %$&amp;!
ID	4	@eddievedder no such luck and u aren't coming to Detroit  Luckily, I'll be seeing u and the crew in Chicago
ID	4	is doing nothing  lol
ID	2	@brooke_nichole i miss my earrings  lol you should let me know when your close by
ID	4	@jovialhoney Can you guys adopt me? Yall are always doing fun stuff. Y'all take trips to Miami... we go to Arkansas
ID	4	I wish the sun would shine. but it won't
ID	4	@chrishornby Very. I'm ill and attempting to remember lots, and nothing is going in.
ID	4	Cried my eyes out watching My Girl last period   hahah
ID	3	I just signed up for Japanese 123 at Clark College... it will be a night class with Kamei-sensei... only two days a week  KUSO!
ID	4	@KINGDINGALING_1  @wendi916 is leavin bc of racists *starts cryin*
ID	0	why bother @ing at celebs? eh? cause it's almost like talking to them
ID	1	why bother @ing at celebs? eh? cause it's almost like talking to them
ID	2	how do I gain weight?! I lost 20 pounds and I want it back..  I'm only 108 and I'm 23 yrs old at 5'7. Not healthy.
ID	4	i'm hungry but can't eat anything right now because my tongue hurts so bad.
ID	2	@jerseymaids oh man  hope you guys weren't shaken up too bad!
ID	2	@abraham not funny
ID	2	@lowenstein @jerm_bob7 I'll update you. I had to leave him at the vet for tests and xrays.
ID	2	They've changed the soap in the men's loo and it doesn't smell of marzipan anymore. I miss the marzipan soap
ID	4	Hey guys I'm back from work.. It was kinda horrible
ID	2	You know i NEVER wanna hurt you
ID	2	@eogasawa psh... I'm not cool enough to go to their open-houses.
ID	0	I really hate revision
ID	1	I really hate revision
ID	4	aww my friend just called and said that she got a better job so she won't be working with me anymore
ID	2	@saucewear btw, your shirts are shipping out!  I ran out of stock on the one size you ordered for the &quot;I AM FAMOUS&quot; sorry
ID	4	Leaving SF soon. I just might cry.
ID	3	@grantimahara man, 4 months until we get to see what those drunk tweets were all about
ID	2	Daisy just got attacked by another doggie in the park
ID	0	Okay, so now I want to scream....Idk why this one doc has done this to me 3 days this week!!!!RRRRR.
ID	1	Okay, so now I want to scream....Idk why this one doc has done this to me 3 days this week!!!!RRRRR.
ID	4	I need a restful weekend, but I will have to work instead
ID	4	@mraeannon thank u!! I know I'll miss u too  Ill take pics as soon as I get there I need your email txt it to me or something
ID	3	Working on this DAMN Financial project, Definitely not having any fun this weekend  , I want to spend it wit my BAAABY waaaah
ID	3	im well exited for this weekend, partaaaay! although i dont want to go back to school on Tuesday
ID	0	Hey ugh im sick and its summar !
ID	1	Hey ugh im sick and its summar !
ID	4	@petewentz im so jealous. i want an octo drive
ID	3	Yaaaaay Friday.... Oh wait....  I'm working TOMORROW
ID	2	@SamBennington although you wear sunglasses i can see how uncomfortable you felt. poor sam.
ID	2	@rantingteacher No, rather we're OMG it's nearly Monday
ID	3	@unitechy @Shadez is all mine  #twpp #shadez
ID	2	Just spent more than 45 minutes looking at the Aud
ID	4	@rizzzky he's retiring from the tonight show  im so bummed. he was awesome ha. AND CONGRATS MY DEAR
ID	4	@hereprettykitty You mustv'e read my mind. I WAS going, but now it's thunderstorming AND I have to pick up the boys from the bus stop
ID	2	ough out of the shower and my toes feel horrible in my socks i think they are still a bit wet
ID	4	@ptwaugh xbox broke  hope you enjoy playing 1 vs. 100. I was...looking forward to that.
ID	4	@stargirlreads i cantttt.  my grandparents are here.
ID	4	ok so everyone is out an im stuck in bored and ill
ID	4	the downside of getting TDL 3 days early is that i won't have time to read it til next week anyway!  but still, hurrah *clutches it close*
ID	2	Over-thought tying my shoe, couldn't figure it out for a while
ID	0	Oh, fuck me. I've just returned from the Supermarket Of Doom to find that I have nothing to drink here.
ID	1	Oh, fuck me. I've just returned from the Supermarket Of Doom to find that I have nothing to drink here.
ID	2	How come it's so cold now?! A few days ago it was wicked nice out, now I feel like I need my winter coat back.
ID	2	Never made it to the gym so will be doing my blowout sans thong wearing company. Phew! But bummer on missing workout
ID	3	What a glorious week. My best holiday ever I think. I so don't want to go home in the morning
ID	2	my tummy hurts
ID	2	Hangin with the fam! My head is hurtin
ID	4	@HMXCasey I sorry
ID	3	@fatz_galore aaaw too bad .. i'm in a good mood to phone with someone  lol
ID	2	@SirGarde Hott as Africa lol yeah its hot here too and its a big storm here
ID	2	@meinj Wish i was out an about, stuck in with a pile of boxes, a sore back and a load of tesco blue shopper bags to fill from the kitchen
ID	4	@katschio  I was completely enraptured by your fascinating updates on your testing! What will I do now?! Oh, wait--Yeah. Work. Of course.
ID	2	@tinchystryder why is it your last EVER uk tour  ?? x
ID	4	I miss @BillieSyadrie I'm sorry for being able to call you when u already sleep  I love you,Have a great trip tomorrow! Send my ? to them!
ID	3	Crap, nearly forgot my PIN  I shouldn't try to learn anything new in the future lest it push out more vital information.
ID	4	In school ; With Victoria &amp; Bryan (: _ no more school soon, sadd i am
ID	3	@eastcoaster1237 @funkydung  Doh! I'm an inside job LOLzor.
ID	4	Got a right bad headache
ID	3	@Welshracer I loved him and he was in a mini
ID	4	@lizridley no, i do better with people i don't know  @autumnrose8683 you're going to chiodos tonight, right? just kill something for me.
ID	2	@PaulMcGwinn i could really fancy a nap right now but i am at work at 7am and i feel that if i nap now i am wasting my evening
ID	3	@laurenglennon I's sorry  listen to some Bats or GD as you do it! [dude, I never got to tell you, but, BATS WERE AMAZING &lt;33]
ID	4	Oh why does one of my monitors have to act up when I have a deadline?  Oh I'm an unhappy camper.
ID	2	contemplating getting my hair cut and having severe anxiety about it....
ID	2	@brieasaurus i guess your cooler than me, tony hawk never replied to me
ID	2	I have a stupid Recall on my car
ID	4	Just got home from work.. My feet are killing me
ID	4	in less then a min i lost 2 followers
ID	4	@reemerband Hiyaa! How was Tour? Really disappointed that I couldn't make it   Hope your all Dandy ;) xxxxxxxx
ID	2	addin to that last comment, was spose to be going to see the jonas brothers 3D movie, but guess what i couldnt go aswell cos im sick
ID	3	At work and really slow for a beautiful day and a Friday.
ID	3	@LOVEHATE_ENVY how come you dont think you did good?!
ID	2	@apt10C I was walking home when he fell to the ground
ID	2	Bugger. forgot I still have washing in my machine
ID	3	@AndySquirrel now if I still lived that way you could pop in and see me  but I don't so you can't
ID	4	@KatieKilljoy I wanna play with you tonight  *pout, pout side face*
ID	2	It's gonna be a super long day
ID	3	@SpinachPuffs yeeeeah . . . and it was in into too  seen Empire top 100 computer games? http://www.empireonline.com/100greatestgames/
ID	0	Swolen as shitt  boo hoo
ID	1	Swolen as shitt  boo hoo
ID	3	Jon &amp; Kate + 8 kids have attracted a huge TV audience, tabloid headlines and, now, a state labor investigation   http://tinyurl.com/l7zt72
ID	2	@petshoptype yes and no. there's some strange infection in my body that's causing me to be sicker than I need and to have a fever.
ID	2	@Timkealey  was wong?
ID	4	Nothing like getting to work and finding out you have to cover extra shifts this week... looks like another 40 hr work week.
ID	4	doesn't wanna get dressed up and be an adult today.
ID	3	@DavidArchie Haha same!!! But its gonna be awhile til it comes to sweden i think...
ID	3	@TheAllianceGuy thankies! btw, what part of scotland do you live in? I never got to visit the UK at all when I lived in Europe
ID	2	@teamqivana We're no longer in biz together. The one thing that survived was our marriage. Not so good with the in-laws, though.
ID	2	trying to find some friends and not having any luck
ID	3	Feelin a little blue tonight.. Love might be good
ID	4	@giordanobc I know how you feel.  Takes far too much time out of my life!
ID	2	i want some followers
ID	3	@SpinachPuffs yeeeeah . . . and it was in intro too  seen Empire top 100 computer games? http://www.empireonline.com...
ID	4	Not to thrilled about the marathon this sunday, they assigned me on the street. Less $$$
ID	4	want my new lappytop now, but the site says it won't be here till 6/9
ID	3	@margjoc haha i am aware of how one contracts a UTI.  and i have training for work at 8:45 tomorrow morning so i have to go to bed early
ID	0	@DeJonGrant I accidentaly slammed my finger in the trunk
ID	1	@DeJonGrant I accidentaly slammed my finger in the trunk
ID	4	@BusyElleBee That ur anti is what I understood from the message. Sorry left off ur don't vote BNP msg at end due 2 space
ID	4	getting ready to drop off something to my man so he can hang out with a friend instead of me
ID	2	Dislocating your thumb= more painful than dislocating your toe. I was reminded of this today (thankfully, by my toe). Still feels weird
ID	2	Damn it, the guys aren't at #comet09  I hope they win though
ID	4	so glad it is friday  two classes, then lazy afternoon. too bad it isnt nice and warm out today
ID	0	@devon_leigh u know wut devy dev it sure does suck havin no ID!! My weekends r gone miserable for 3 weeks so drink 4 me plz!!
ID	1	@devon_leigh u know wut devy dev it sure does suck havin no ID!! My weekends r gone miserable for 3 weeks so drink 4 me plz!!
ID	4	I should be in NYC right now with some of my favorite people but instead I am stuck in RI.
ID	3	@Genevieve Hey, I didn't get any !!!
ID	2	@KimmelCenter if I could make it to Philadelphia this year I would be there!! but sadly, i cannot
ID	4	@Klzm31sT me too.
ID	2	Wow it's definitely Friday- the gym is completely empty! What to do? I'd like to play the wii but I guess I'll vacuum
ID	4	trying to find some friends and not having any luck
ID	2	Heading to yale.. Grandmother in car accident
ID	3	Two more loads and the moving crew's done! Started at 7am and i'm done for the day! Too bad the ac doesn't work in my new place  oh life!
ID	2	broken my leg  comment me please
ID	3	@anberlin Welcome to Seattle! I really wish I could see you guys tonight.
ID	3	Enjoying sunshine in the park with friends, pale shirtless footballers are not attractive I'm afraid
ID	2	oops i did it again...really shouldnt have.
ID	2	@RyanSchartz gah! no money..... at least not for bakugan
ID	2	macbook dying. switching to iphone.
ID	4	@hatcherdogg Would love it but have plans
ID	2	I want noms
ID	4	Hmmm, I just realized....I didn't have any bday cake for my birthday...boo hoo!
ID	4	@grossnoises i miss yoooouuuu!!!!
ID	3	working again today  but off tomorrow for dan's party! yay!
ID	4	an ultimatum is an ultimatum no matter how you dress it up.  and that sucks.
ID	0	Just noticed @ubertwiter didn't get the location right again!  Maybe a way to preview it before sending would be handy??
ID	1	Just noticed @ubertwiter didn't get the location right again!  Maybe a way to preview it before sending would be handy??
ID	2	@shecango9984 I knnnowwww I'm so upset!!! I was going to twitter u but my sis's apt is like a led box nosignal! Where was the cookout??!!
ID	3	Car shopping with kacy yay
ID	4	Got 2 get ready 4 work  would rather be fishing!
ID	2	i'm pretty bored/tried. my mom is going to be home in an hour. @kassi911 is fixing to leave. aww...  she's going to texas for a month..
ID	2	So many tests todayyy  I don't feel confident about anyy.
ID	4	No No No @ankita_gaba will take @Shadez away  Not my day! #shadez #twpp
ID	2	wants to eat an entire chocolate cheesecake
ID	2	on break with @kellyaelliot . It's raining
ID	4	Work is MAD blocking sites! No fun  but they aren't blocking facebook, twitter &amp; youtube
ID	4	@RobPattzNews DIE!  gosh.... i will die 'til movie awards
ID	0	@lindentreephoto yeah, its super crap today   Stupid writing!  ugh
ID	1	@lindentreephoto yeah, its super crap today   Stupid writing!  ugh
ID	4	wants to go out and enjoy the weather but is tired and stuck in bed
ID	3	@jy6 looking forward to your mandarin album.  Hope that you will come Singapore again
ID	4	i want to see the next gossip girl episode!
ID	2	transferring 368558682 photos is annoying.. I want to watch Up
ID	4	The Killers are coming to TD Banknorth in Boston on 9/4 at 7:30pm. And, I can't go.   Everyone else should go though! Tickets on sale Sat.
ID	3	@BrandiHoov we are coming...won't be there til around 9....can't stay though
ID	3	@TomGriffola Not a fan of the Bulmers, but the Magners pear is AWESOME, I want slush puppy though!  #Hurryup #classy #omgimpatient!
ID	3	@MAKEUPMANMAE LMAO...Ha! No I just simply wanted to go to NY!
ID	2	@iwan2ctheworld she passed away in April.  she was really sick with a genetic disease.
ID	3	I'm such a saddo, haha. But that actually makes me really happy. Warrens dead though
ID	2	@EdwinIsRaDd why did you never buy bagels when i was tehre? i feel so unloved  haha
ID	3	@derekspringer  i for one welcome our new cyber-criminal-overlords.
ID	4	@anachronous I miss you
ID	2	Ok. So I'm not moving, someone else took the apt I wanted  at least now I can work on organizing my stuff
ID	4	Boring day today. Broke so I can't go and see my friend's band tonight  Maybe The Q tomorrow though.
ID	4	he switches off his cellphone!! huaaaaa, i cant sleep  buzz me bebe..
ID	4	wow i just woke up and read drews blog .. oh man im seriously crying right now
ID	3	@the5thletter i love dixie kitchen's peach wings and fried green tomatoes  i hope the one by river oaks stay open.
ID	2	I FEEL LIKE CRAP......
ID	4	disappointed! I forgot to tweet something really inappropriate @graphicphantom yelled in whole foods yesterday &amp; now I can't remember it.
ID	3	@Littleradge I have a friend who loves that spot. I want to go
ID	2	is traumatized and saddened by the 2 baby squirells she just found on abandoned on the sidewalk.
ID	0	Still hating the whole Twitter replies thing. I feel like I'm missing bits.  #fixreplies
ID	1	Still hating the whole Twitter replies thing. I feel like I'm missing bits.  #fixreplies
ID	2	I quite like baseball and bball oh and the odd gridiron match that a tiny tiny part of the worlds population calls football
ID	3	@karriedaway you look sooooo pretty love. dang I wish I was in NY so I could c u do ur thang
ID	3	@TarQuianHesa Yeah they are! So stop making fun of me! I gotta get new ones
ID	4	All my loved ones are leaving on Sunday..... sad
ID	2	@Tech_N9ne I'm not having a good day
ID	2	@euripidean oh dear Whoops indeed
ID	2	@SEXYJENN_18 i emailed you the link, pretty sad uh?  RIP Jessie Kitty
ID	3	Very happy that @pricy landed safely, I miss her already  http://myloc.me/205R
ID	4	@Agent_M that just gave me that sick-to-my-stomach feeling  ppl like that don't belong in regular society, ever!
ID	2	I need to get away. I wish I had money to go travel for a bit. I miss my east coast friends.
ID	3	The first officially beautiful day of the year and I'm stuck inside the office    A Magners and BBQ will make up for it!
ID	4	uploading PCD onto my iTunes xD i used to have it but certian events caused me to lt sadly
ID	2	@GenuineAmy Dude, I miss the 90's.   btw, the name of my mix is &quot;Damn the man! Save the 90's!&quot; hahaha
ID	4	the dog dug a hole in the backyard well iwas sleeping, now im grounded
ID	3	wishing i was there, so you should go in my place. #brandwkshop http://tr.im/mOXL i see they've got scott bedbury and more.. poor me
ID	4	my followers went from 22 to 20  i'd follow you back but i cant do anything till i get interwebnet! I want more followers. Im interesting!
ID	0	I work for a man that is so bad at his job that the whole team want to leave, and all believe we would make more money if he wasn't here
ID	1	I work for a man that is so bad at his job that the whole team want to leave, and all believe we would make more money if he wasn't here
ID	2	just got rear ended
ID	2	@ArcticMonkeysUK  i thought it was earlier
ID	2	Why doesn't Rob tweet anymore?
ID	3	Glad it's Friday... but bummed that I am officially working Saturdays.
ID	4	Another Qi about to start....I'll be missing the next 4
ID	4	Bout to get ready for work ugh i hate workin on fridays
ID	4	Jenn jenn jenn oh why oh why won't u pass on ur iTunes knowledge onto me?
ID	3	@maryegilmore Ready! Its raining in Miami though  Go Cavs right?
ID	4	At Spring Awakening...cannot wait for it to start. Last time I'm here ever! Boo, sad times
ID	2	So bored  waiting for class to start. Sigh midterms next week &gt;_&lt;
ID	2	jen! we havent talked in like 3 days!
ID	2	Has that feeling like when you want to cry but you dont so you get that empty feeling in your stomach and your throat starts to hurt.
ID	0	Geometry is so Damn boring.  waste of time.. 20 more minutes left
ID	1	Geometry is so Damn boring.  waste of time.. 20 more minutes left
ID	4	@citygirllife I'm so ready for the weekend. Did you see all the flash flood warnings for around here?
ID	4	Friday is not treating me well so far.
ID	4	in accounting class ; then detention after
ID	2	daddy is in the hospital  i dont like it!
ID	3	@gabbychiquito aww  ok well just let me know what she says hah &lt;3
ID	4	Sorting out Twitter issues....very frustrated that you can't talk to someone and they respond slowly to issues - capacity the challenges
ID	2	@tylercrex my power went out as well.. Except I'm in nor cal
ID	2	@sfwa The article on language groups in spaceports looks really cool, but i can't open the site from that link.
ID	4	Oh my god...my favorite havaianas just broke after three years or service  they will be missed. and they were molded perfectly to my feet
ID	4	fell on the sidewalk in harvard square.  stupid cobblestones!  now my hand hurts
ID	2	Lucy has an upset tummy and sore leg  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/182397
ID	4	As Simon/Idol might say, 21life sentences not good enough for Chester Stiles. How can one rape a 2 year old child?!  How the F?  Why?
ID	2	Mummy and Nathan not in today! On My Todd!
ID	2	i miss &quot;mr.&quot;
ID	2	@chirocindy Don't tease me! I'm in desperate need of an adjustment.
ID	3	It's too perfect outside to be at work
ID	3	@HeatXCL I wanna get an FF tweet too
ID	4	@dawl83 how you get a day off and you still aint hit me.. Where is the lOVE?
ID	2	Misses the good old days!
ID	4	Just dusted &amp; vacuumed apartment.  I think I need another new vacuum...my entire apartment is smoky.  I just bought this one from Kmart
ID	4	Man work is so busy today  2people called in sick and the old perverts keep rolling in  sadness abounds...
ID	4	@kattekrab No tango icons in this revision.
ID	2	Fell off the wagon and had a Maccy's!!
ID	3	@chaosofthemind aww  get it when your mom comes back 8D
ID	4	last day at the Ko Olina.  off to north shoreee(:
ID	4	@lauriedriscoll did you finish twilight? i did! and i wish it wasnt over
ID	3	@KazooCarrieFan I know! I can't go either...it's sad  She needs to come back to MI asap, haha
ID	4	follow friday: following more people then followers  follow me? woot #followfriday
ID	3	@vexdigital  I still love the fact that you can't scratch them!!! That is a winner for me!!!
ID	2	Dang  I left my Rolando's dinner leftovers at home! I knew I should have put them in the shop fridge last night before we left downtown!
ID	2	@promotingyou  no FF tweet for me?
ID	2	is alone  ! watch a lot of DVD on my laptop !!!
ID	4	Long day at office again. Tiring week
ID	2	@Lbaje i got talent too  u nvr hear me sing or dance them does call me Mini Breezy
ID	3	@megpriley I am sorry I never got back to you about going to Vegas this weekend, when you asked me forever ago.  Have fun and good luck!!!
ID	2	@bhufford: I've got a fairly flat route available... the problem is I no longer have a fully functional bike to ride
ID	4	damn, I paid like $16 my first Slightly Stoopid show and now they charge $47 a pop   makes me sad...
ID	4	@mrkris really?  dang.. I missed it   *sigh*
ID	3	jus gt bak nw on msn stil not got a tan  o wel x
ID	2	Still no reply from @lorenb about my SimFinger problem  So no iRape parody video until I get a response, sorry guys
ID	4	needs somewhere to go...its still lush out + i want to be back out in it
ID	2	Thus far, Metaverse U has used the Second Life = Virtual Worlds, rather than the gamier Terra Nova usage. I'm in the TN camp  #metaverseu
ID	2	@lost_in_a_story Glad I'm not the only one. He's our baby, and I'm terrified he'll think we're never coming back.
ID	3	OMG !! hollyoaks well dramatic  !!!!!!!!!!!!
ID	4	going to miss springwatch tonight  going to have to make do with my own garden!
ID	0	1 of my most hated jobs. Clipping coupons &amp; going thru house, top 2 bottom &amp; making grocery list. Took forever &amp; now major shopping trip
ID	1	1 of my most hated jobs. Clipping coupons &amp; going thru house, top 2 bottom &amp; making grocery list. Took forever &amp; now major shopping trip
ID	4	@eraticschematic I'm pretty bored with it too
ID	2	My tummy hurts
ID	4	has just received a phone call for new patients...i guess that means work for tomorrow!
ID	3	Trying to win a @neverwear contest for a a print of The Day the Saucers Came signed by @neilhimself... My brain is tapped out of ideas
ID	4	Tried to do an Audioboo recording but it' distorted due to the high volume  #OBS
ID	2	thinking 53 more days is the only thing that gets me through work. ahhh i dont want to go
ID	2	@davechinnici still not 100%    im sick of being sick!
ID	3	@MrQuocHung Chang thay anh online gi ca
ID	2	Already know I'm gonna miss josh next week.. My mom needs more surgery.. Work sucks.. Not a good day. Oh and my tum tum hurts
ID	3	@chicodebarge I guess you're responding to me about DC. If that's the case...
ID	4	@wyatthaplo I can haz beer too? Oh wait... I'm a work...
ID	0	I hate this weather  i wanna bake
ID	1	I hate this weather  i wanna bake
ID	2	i seriously need to live somewhere fabulously queer. i miss being around gay people
ID	4	@shaaqT @primaveron to mast ladki patata hai chal jiske sath bhi jaye khush rehna...will miss u my love...  #twpp
ID	4	is updating an old ipod...sad...i miss my orange nano
ID	2	i went to the doctor. i hav a virus.
ID	2	Just got off phone with Black Swamp Bird Observatory - No reports of Connecticut Warbler from Metzger or Magee today...
ID	4	@lululemon thanks.  Sadly the streamline top II is sold out. Streamline trunk II is available in my size but that only gets me halfway.
ID	3	@youulovemee she is good! so gor-juz yea i kno i asked her yesterday when we were at tha hospital if she talked to u and she said no
ID	4	lost my DC hat ..
ID	2	Just got an IM from another co-worker who just got laid off. Lots of people becoming unemployed
ID	2	@TrueVisionDubbz OMG! that wasn't funny.. LOOK at his face in the pic.. OMG! that made me sad! BAD JOB MIKE!! wtf?? .. poor K O B E
ID	2	My dad is trying to force me to learn to drive. I don't like doing things I'm not good at in public
ID	4	Have I ever told you I absolutly hate writing emails, status pdates are fine but emails have so much...finality...to them
ID	2	I'm way to hungry to even think. I can't go to work on an empty stomach like this
ID	2	@beforeyoufall i wish i could offer a hug right now, so bad
ID	2	@DJMagic aww i'm sorry!! I was rushing around on my lunch break so I didn't even think of it!!
ID	3	@BDEugenio yeah, when you start reaching your early-mid-20s
ID	2	I lost count   sorry I let u down...
ID	2	...what ever happened w/ creating music in collaboration just for fun without the &quot;what am i getting out of it&quot; question in mind? PLEASE!
ID	3	dad's posting got postponed ONE HOUR before he was meant to leave. either going to afganistan or NOWHERE. i'm sorta happy  but he's gutted
ID	3	@Jaicenia lmao i get that alot  haha
ID	4	@Saniyyah &quot;My House&quot;...I like that club! I wnt there whn I was in LA!! U know I'm not going! That's on Tuesday..I can't
ID	2	@NPollard unless absolutely gorgeous I'd rather men stayed covered up! Have seen sights today to put you off your food.......  #ukpubs
ID	4	I'm pissed, someone took my wallet
ID	2	@cruirco i still dont know what we would do though
ID	4	@melii That's true.  It still sucks though 'cause I was all &quot;LOLOL I AM SO ORIGINAL--ohshit&quot; so. But yeah. Thanks!
ID	4	I really miss Sebastian
ID	2	Fell off the wagon and had a Maccy's!! : Fell off the wagon and had a Maccy's!!
ID	0	@_ophelia Oh, Hamletgasm! I hate having to work 12 hours today!How utterly crap, I miss everything! [managed forum for 5 min on break  ]
ID	1	@_ophelia Oh, Hamletgasm! I hate having to work 12 hours today!How utterly crap, I miss everything! [managed forum for 5 min on break  ]
ID	2	Another Lake Park kid is going to Tulane. I'm not unique anymore
ID	2	throat infection coming on strong I think  I can taste blood :S
ID	2	working allllllllll weekend..how thrilling..and i have to say bye to goshy on sunday cause she is leaving for poland for 3 months
ID	0	Left &quot;Up&quot; due to out-of-focus projection.   Hopefully my complaints to theater management will get it fixed for everyone else still there.
ID	1	Left &quot;Up&quot; due to out-of-focus projection.   Hopefully my complaints to theater management will get it fixed for everyone else still there.
ID	3	There my laptop is dead  lucky I got my fone lol
ID	2	Why oh why do I always forget to take the medication I'm *supposed* to take 30 minutes before breakfast? Just taking it now at 1:30
ID	2	why the hell is youtube not working???  NO NO  NO NO   NO  NO NO NNO NO
ID	4	@sianhughes_ oh god i just watched it to!! did claire escape? AGAIN!!! it was really quite sad
ID	3	Andrew's flight back to CO should be landing soon
ID	2	just found out I won't be tweeting from ,my phone in Scotland, different networks    I was going to upload photos to twitpic, sorry
ID	4	@xomorganjane aw, sad  I was looking forward to seeing you!
ID	2	*uh* totally forgot the gentoo reinstallation  don't know what i should backup. the make.conf, my home and /boot. nothing else..?
ID	3	back from taking jarid to the airport  but looking forward to meeting my new nephew in 5 days.
ID	2	Eh they shut the freeway down! omw to a job interview so i guess i'm gonna be late
ID	3	@axm9237 I'll have to wait for the YouTube links
ID	2	@ajcoo82 oh no.  hope you feel better soon. Hugs. I had flu earlier this month.
ID	2	Why are all the cool classes being offered this summer?  Boo.
ID	3	totally forgot she had soccer today. ugh  today was actually good too...
ID	2	gah! i just can't get the hang of twitter   i must be more stupid than i thought! :/
ID	0	i dont wanna do this anymore! but the couch is jus sittin in the middle of the floor. do i really HAVE to finish?
ID	1	i dont wanna do this anymore! but the couch is jus sittin in the middle of the floor. do i really HAVE to finish?
ID	4	10 more minutes and i never have this class again. Its kinda sad cause this class is so fun
ID	2	@1045CHUMFM I give up Fav!  I try and try every time...and nothing ever happens...I'm not usually  a quitter...in this case I might be!
ID	4	listening to @joeymcintyrye's Without Your Love...hes so tortured in that song...makes me sad
ID	2	Ashley= getting sick... Ugh I'm losing my voice! Nooo
ID	2	Cell is dying.hafta plug it up every night now.
ID	4	@tahitianmom that truely is sad news to hear  we are all created equal, so sad to know our neighbors are such prejudice people
ID	2	after 4 tries and 2 arms it was successful BUT now I look like a junkie
ID	4	@CrypticIrnAngel thats a bummer i haven't got one yet :/ been waiting over a year  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
ID	2	Decided not to go...I want to see my sweetie  But I can't.
ID	0	almost died. Laptop screen was set to 100% brightness after I reinstalled Windows Vista. Got a headache now  #insanedefaults
ID	1	almost died. Laptop screen was set to 100% brightness after I reinstalled Windows Vista. Got a headache now  #insanedefaults
ID	3	Im so full. Subway was bomb! Waiting for my 2nd shift to start
ID	3	#quitsmokingdiary  5 Weeks tomorrow since giving up YAAAAAAYY!!!!               - I dont want to talk about it
ID	4	@MandyyJirouxx but Today mtv does not allow us to vote
ID	4	Wish I didn't have to work today.
ID	4	Its rained ever day in Miami since I've been here.....
ID	0	@_missJP LMAO! ugh i know, i need to sleep the Qdoba off before i do all that workin out. and no, ur pic doesnt show
ID	1	@_missJP LMAO! ugh i know, i need to sleep the Qdoba off before i do all that workin out. and no, ur pic doesnt show
ID	2	@lorib709 sorry you aren't feeling well!
ID	3	just got home from a long day at asda. joy
ID	2	Its raining on Staunton again, We need the rain, but that just means Ive got nothing sitting outside for people to see,
ID	4	i wish i were hanging out with kobe right now
ID	3	Math was not fun at all. Oh well, i get to cook as soon as i get home.
ID	4	Guess I'm gonna try the nap thing again 2day, but since my kids haven't cooperated with it yet this week I'm sure 2day won't be different
ID	3	Poor baby's got his first booboo  that he caused himself LOL  http://twitpic.com/673vt
ID	4	i neeeeeeeed music suggestions but no one will give them
ID	3	Knight Online Come Back
ID	3	@SallyTraffic ermm, me me me!!
ID	4	Just lost respect to someone.
ID	2	@autonomy14 Ah, sorry to hear your trip was canceled
ID	4	Sims 3 wouldn't work on my old macbook  hope to get Sims 2 by tomorrow.
ID	4	@nikkilynnsd aw i wish i could.  i have to get ready for atlanta and i have to come into work since I am behind on work
ID	4	MIT bookstore has best book selection, but it's the one bookstore I have no coupons or discounts for
ID	4	about to start getting ready for work.  took lexi out to the park earlier! wish i could lay around ALL day.
ID	2	Im downloading manually the oooiifull.mp4 movie by @leebrimelow as it seems the only way to see it fully
ID	3	@WerewolfSeth YES!!
ID	4	@lyricals don't care about my struggles..
ID	2	Still can't sleep..missin' my dobby...
ID	0	For some dumb reason my dresser is sticky on top. And for another reason, a family history book got attached to it  Now the back is jacked
ID	1	For some dumb reason my dresser is sticky on top. And for another reason, a family history book got attached to it  Now the back is jacked
ID	4	i miss my boo  on another note im soready for this game to come on tonight...fox grill anyone???!!
ID	2	iLook struggles to make Outlook more social http://bit.ly/JjUdF looks interesting, no Twitter support?
ID	4	@sunilsebastian I still have a lot of time on my stupid contract...  18 months before I can change providers
ID	2	would like to go back to bed. horrible headache pounding behind my eyes and all over my skull
ID	3	@heloloser thanks clair, I haven't watched it yet.
ID	2	Should have left car and walked home! I might need someone to rescue me with petrol! Light flashing
ID	2	@3CB goodnight hun. Yaani nakam wakati unaenda  @soleaddict1 hai
ID	2	but mum just burned some bacon... smoke alarm's a bitch
ID	3	I know I shouldn't be saying this but fuck it..I'm horny as hell
ID	3	@GirlUSoCrazy lol girl I cannot stop!!! I am a student, I can't afford $14 a pop eyeshadows. But I am so hooked
ID	4	at least 3 more days
ID	2	@SavageMike :: I know the feeling  Its a little depressing :S
ID	2	@berrylies I am so sorry.
ID	3	@zinzR0ux whatz that supposed to mean  i have a dog now  waaaaaaaaaah lol jk
ID	2	I feel like crying! One of my diamond earrings fell out my ear bc it was loose and I can't find it. I've had them forever
ID	4	TGIF!!! But also sad that this is last day I get to work with my favorite TV reporter
ID	4	@YasmineGalenorn depressed that both of those are already out but yours isnt. I want your book!!
ID	2	feel. sick. too. much. cheese. on. toast.
ID	3	No 10th  2 months=]
ID	4	@simplysinister that sucks  I seriously hope you feel better soon, you need to come over next week!!!
ID	3	it's been so nice all day, and now it looks like it's going to rain...just when i was getting excited about taking photos when i get home
ID	3	@AYoungOne Yep that one works. I LOVE Potbelly but I can't get it in AZ  Have to wait for my Chi-town trips @PotbellySdchWks
ID	2	@iamdiddy me.  confused about a guy...he's great but why am I pushing him away?
ID	2	@fountain1987 Ooh!Wish i was there.Just watched Hollyoaks on E4.So sad,please dont leave chris!
ID	3	@billbathgate hotttie poooh!!!! ooo i bet it sounda magical (HH) im coming home in 1 hour
ID	2	OH NO! MY FAN BROKE  NOOOOOOOOOOOO! great now i have to swelter in the heat. i like heat-ish but it hot! my laptop warm as well.
ID	3	@DopeAlicious I'm sorry
ID	4	@kyle_newman i just called and it's sold out.  bummer. next time!
ID	2	This is sad
ID	2	Just got done discing, found two discs in the last two days. Solid.  Wish @pacheros would treat my koozie better and not throw it around
ID	4	Im wishing that i had the weekend off so i can go to SOL.
ID	2	Just tried an energy drink to report back for you guys, and im sweating and have the worst cramps. I want to lie down
ID	3	@danosphere It's a beautiful MN day, but I'm stuck inside playing Zelda.  I've gotta play at least 10 hrs. today.
ID	3	@michemo Bristol's is the ish! I LOVE their brunch on Sundays. Ruth Chris is good too but I got sick there once.
ID	3	@oneofthosefaces i know im inlove with  @katyperry actually..
ID	4	@thriftymommy well my daughter is 20 now...thats why I said 'I miss those days'...they go by sooo fast
ID	4	spending most of the weekend working.. that doesn't even sound fun
ID	2	Testing out Hulu desktop. Reminds me of a shittier version of boxy. Feels clunky, search is too hidden, the menu system is questionable.
ID	4	@BiffBarker Ohhhhh how I miss the Brunch
ID	2	Oh my god. I literally drove in rain that was so hard that i couldn't see in front of me. I'm shaking
ID	4	Oops, forgot we are having a barbecue at work today! I didn't need to pack a lunch after all
ID	3	at the house home alone   , playing guitar some guitar hero loud.
ID	3	@stevico1 Its so nice i ahd to work today
ID	0	@CourtJsallis  lolll, i cba to get the sun stuff and i forgot that the back of my leg wouldnt gwt tanned lol. it hurts sooo bad right now
ID	1	@CourtJsallis  lolll, i cba to get the sun stuff and i forgot that the back of my leg wouldnt gwt tanned lol. it hurts sooo bad right now
ID	2	@yayamartinez dude i am so sorry!!!!! I never got that number for you my fail  i just remembered
ID	3	@agcruc Girl, if you were part of the tour, I would seriously be the first in line for tickets.  Just sayin'.
ID	4	I am so jelz. I want a house. &gt;
ID	2	watching The Uninvited in my room. Can't wait to go home. But I have to go to the Deid first.
ID	3	Off to NC tonight until June 7th! I'm going to miss NYC   Getting ready for my 21st birthday Luau BBQ on JULY 11TH!!!!!!!!
ID	4	and wtf at little 9 year old wanna be thugs? ugh why can't everyone just be friends and not in cliques like back in the old days
ID	3	@nkotblorib Thanks girl!!!!! Like I said, I'm willing to take a loss on them...just don't want to see them wasted
ID	4	this is a horrible day.
ID	2	Tiggerk is still having upset tummy issues  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6823131
ID	4	@BeateVeronica I'm jealous - I would love deer steak. One of the downsides of having an almost vegetarian and a carnivore living together
ID	2	@spaley sadly that is so true
ID	4	Checking out zensify on my iphone. works fine but no landscape typing
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/670pn - she is so cute really i really want to meet her  wish one day
ID	2	@BonesCrazy24 I'm tired, hungry and bored of revision! Sorry to hear about dinner
ID	0	okay... I can't twitter anymore.. I have to study..  ugh I HATE SCHOOL.. jk. but I thoroughly dislike it...
ID	1	okay... I can't twitter anymore.. I have to study..  ugh I HATE SCHOOL.. jk. but I thoroughly dislike it...
ID	4	Stupid net  we think mum broke it. Again.
ID	3	time to mow the lawn.
ID	4	No shoes for me.
ID	4	is up at the hub for day parade again (of course) and they just cancelled the castle show mid-show
ID	4	installed the new modem which is meant to run 5 times faster than the old one and its slower  what the hell? gah slow internet kills me
ID	2	I will never eat broadway pizza again.. feelin ill.
ID	2	@420thoughts I can understand, pains been part of my life for a long time now  I hope you feel a bit better soon.
ID	4	No pool today.   Stupid weather.
ID	4	Roscoe - Smooth Sailin' WHY DID NO ONE TELL ME ABOUT THIS SONG?????? RAP FRIENDS U HAVE FAILED ME
ID	3	I just love when all my little brothers friends come over
ID	2	Where's my bus? I want to go home!
ID	2	I don't think the neti pot is working for me  maybe I'm doing it wrong?
ID	3	my special edition JFPL came today! all i have time to do is rip the demo cd to itunes and upload to my ipod before i go to work
ID	4	@MAMAHINAi was on the list, i paid 5 to get in, but if your under 21,you cant go in and out, but it was gettin so hot, so we went outside
ID	2	My new landlord just called.. I cant move in until tomorrow morning  Way to rain on my parade..
ID	2	is really stressing out
ID	3	i love my new phone but hate that i didnt get my netbook today...
ID	4	Wow, my bed is SO comfy &amp; my nap has been much too short. Getting up for work = do not want.
ID	3	@joelogic Wish I could be there too!  Enjoy your weekend! xxx
ID	0	@BretWolfe its a travesty, no? and, the people who are doing this said they'd THINK about involving joss whedon!!!!
ID	1	@BretWolfe its a travesty, no? and, the people who are doing this said they'd THINK about involving joss whedon!!!!
ID	3	@HarleyRodrigue hey Harley, I hope you stay around and not let the haters get the best of you!  people suck!
ID	2	Packing is no fun at all  good thing I have the new united on to keep me going... But still no fun
ID	3	Playing with the munchkin today, talking cakes and getting ready for a yard sale tomorrow. Not looking forward to that
ID	4	I have not recieved any mail in over a month  life is boring
ID	0	ughh on the phone with HP!
ID	1	ughh on the phone with HP!
ID	4	Where's my Happiness?
ID	4	Was a little slow to try this one, but Ben &amp; Jerry's Mission to Marzipan is a bit of a letdown.
ID	2	Just got my rejection email from Jeffco schools.  fingers crossed for Boulder Valley...
ID	3	@combustiblesong lol i don't get enough cause my dad won't let me, he keeps waking me up
ID	3	@pixy88 Thank you! And I don't care for the look on his face.
ID	2	Ow... My shoulder muscle (I can't remember the name :p) hurts... What did I do?  I don't even know
ID	2	Why am I so tired?????? Whyyyyy make it stop. Merm is not going to be fun tonight.
ID	2	@jen_juneau I did, until my parents got all f'd up and I started comfort-eating
ID	2	@stevehills dad's been having fever since last nite and needs 2 bottles of blood trasfusion..loaded 1 today..1 to go tomorrow.
ID	2	doesn't know what to do this evening &amp; is D R E A D I N G work tomorrow  it sucks.
ID	4	Not feeling well. Food poisoning.......
ID	2	@justinchon great. so you're saying *I'm* old, being 28 and all??
ID	2	@livefashion lol... not gross at all  they're gross?
ID	2	My work buddy left early today so now im all lonely.  keep lookin at the time and its barely only a min later than last time
ID	3	Allies not coming over
ID	2	this laptop is going to die, its not working!
ID	3	@BSBTwitt U SO funny but u right! I like BSB but Im not as fan than U I love much better Tupac &amp; TLC..2 bad they're not singing anymore
ID	4	Powerdvd doesn't want to play my Pushing Daisies dvd. I only want screenies to make icons with! Copy protection gone bonkers?
ID	4	at home sick
ID	2	My guitar ain't here yet?, feel like i lost a limb!.
ID	2	@Cracklin_Rosie  it was my name until yesterday
ID	0	Friday night and still working...oh wait..it's Saturday morning already
ID	1	Friday night and still working...oh wait..it's Saturday morning already
ID	3	@IJsthee Or your mobile doesn't like me
ID	2	Omg i'm so sad. I jus took in that gossip girl is done
ID	2	Man waking up sucks when u have to go to work like 30 min later
ID	2	My hair looks sooo short
ID	2	Oh, today my friend goes to USA! , Im going to miss her so much!  , have a great time darling
ID	4	I miss you
ID	3	I can't wait to start my weekend. I'm so sick of working, I have to self-medicate, and I'm fresh out of herb
ID	4	Now @mumbly_joe is trying to guilt me into coming to Alumni Weekend. I don't think I can make that either this year. I suck a lot.
ID	4	SICK again
ID	4	I'm so sleep deprived but it's to hot to sleep.
ID	3	@MrExclusive1 I'm jealous...i need 2 escape 2, lol.
ID	4	http://bit.ly/253ce  :: I got bit in the face by a doberman when I was four years old, I just wanted a kiss   My neighbor had about 13 ...
ID	2	@amybarton Hope your son is okay!
ID	2	@wenatcheewash I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
ID	2	@myuze_me Why so blah?
ID	4	on my way to my dad's with my sistas..  r.i.p. Deb..
ID	2	I hate taking antibiotics, but i think i need to get me some. boooooo.
ID	3	@raenewman you called me? didn't get that.  nest time for sure. maybe i'll come to LA soon. i hella wana go to Disneyland.
ID	2	my laptop broke, who wants to help a girl out and take me to best buy this weekend. please ill feed u.
ID	2	@NathanFillion hey, what about us followers in ATL!!!!
ID	2	@crystal_haze aww I^m sorry that Ray Wise has appeared on the show yet   , I watch @AOTS everyday except for Friday its a best of AOTS.
ID	4	@Exprincess http://twitpic.com/67318 - *sniff* i feel so left out!   *grin*
ID	4	At home sick.. On a friday...studying is all im doing at this point.. My weekend is so ruined
ID	2	Whatever happened to those chocolate cigarettes replete with rice paper, 'filter' and fag packet... I miss 'em.
ID	2	the suns gone  hopefully nice weather tommorrow. ALL THE WORK IS SO DEPRESSING! :'(
ID	2	@cathrynmarie i miss jack n box  and whataburger  and oooo taco cabanaaaaaa  lmao
ID	3	Only things left to do are to sweep and mop, load up the van, and go out and have fun tonight.
ID	3	@jules23 I know...I would too. Yes i cant wait for BB, i love it! I heard theyre not showing the 24 hr live streaming this year though
ID	4	Had to eat my sandwhich since guys were in a meeting. No sushi to brag about.
ID	2	A Banana and 2 cups of Coffee...Not a so Healthy Breakfast!
ID	3	@mileycyrus aww if I could, I would...  GBY ;)
ID	3	@hobgoods- yeah i went to satellite beach today and it was flattt  it was good for skimming though.
ID	4	Facebook Farm town become slower and slower
ID	2	Life Just Isn't Fair &gt; And I Feel
ID	2	This will be the worst day ever....graduation
ID	3	@vessel2219 of course
ID	4	Not good news  Time for an incredibly hard decision.
ID	3	The last day of the last time I visit my parents as an unmarried woman  (85/21589) ( http://bit.ly/Mo0QN  )
ID	2	I want him to call
ID	4	Today more sore than surgery day. Glad I took extra sick day.  Full recovery expected after 6 weeks.  Calling lawn service firms today
ID	2	Math class ugh.  Rather be a class act.  Damn quiz   gotta act fast
ID	4	I did the dishes and I'm now on a train to Newcastle. Have to leave #nontweetinggirlfriend behind for 2 weeks, which is always a bit sad
ID	2	getting impatient with the turnaround time on repairs to my (broken on arrival) new espresso machine  #fb
ID	2	I might get kicked out of school. Thing is they don't know that most of us need a job to live in this city.
ID	2	WHAT ABOUT ME ??  I VOTE EVERY DAY FOR YOU !!!!!
ID	2	@PattyHankins Awe - didn't know cats got skin cancer
ID	2	Wow we're going to war with Korea? There goes my chances of ever being a grandma
ID	2	still aint get my vanilla frosty yet.
ID	2	I'm finished 3rd year. Moving onto 4th year on Monday. It's soooo scary. This time next year I will be finished my standard grade exams
ID	3	@MILEYCYRUS  WHAT ABOUT ME ??  I VOTE EVERY DAY FOR YOU !!!!!
ID	2	I wonder if she knows how shallow, airy &amp; dumb her tweets make her sound. I guess not b/c if she did...she'd probably stop
ID	4	ohhhh, how sad...I didnt get it!
ID	2	@joeymcintyre  My sister and I are suppose to be meeting you today in Birmingham.    Please reschedule!!!
ID	0	Borrowing my Mom's Lenovo laptop The trackpad and the battery life suck balls for quarters. Seriously missing my MacBook Pro
ID	1	Borrowing my Mom's Lenovo laptop The trackpad and the battery life suck balls for quarters. Seriously missing my MacBook Pro
ID	3	@cultofdusty thats what i love about you, you are as SHAMELESS as i am lol and no  not yet..but it aint over yet either lol #frehleyfriday
ID	2	i want to go to bocum tottal to see lostalone, but have no passport  dam you poorness
ID	2	I really want a milkshake. I have no money.
ID	2	ate like tons of chocolate today...  3 weeks of eating healthy, all gone with one day of unlimited eating! LOL
ID	4	wants to go out tonight but cant get home
ID	2	Wonders if I'm d only 1 dat n church sumtime nt knowng certain sungs. Seems like erbdy knows it but u? Quickly feel bad cnt sing along .
ID	4	@Dayna_aka_Rowan he could be talking to me  (he's probably not though ;) )
ID	2	@karlismiles indeed, much fail
ID	3	Wants to meet Jeff Hardy and Beth Britt So bad its Soo Annoying  x x
ID	2	So there aren't anymore exams, but there is only 3 days left. I've just now relized this is a bad thing.  And a good thing. I dont know.
ID	2	#Java is not working - hmph!  Can't upload photos to #Facebook.
ID	3	Visiting the grandparents in Manhattan, and dropping off my sister for the week! I wish I had an excuse to be so tired today..
ID	4	@grahamcoltonfan hahah me too!! Except for when Haley gets hit by a car  but yay Leyton!
ID	2	yeah, I was wasting my time  fail
ID	3	@adonkim Sounds like a nice relaxing afternoon. I have to mow the lawn and walk the dog
ID	4	It's Going To Be A Busy Day  And That Sucks Cause I Wanted To Spend Time With Someone Earlier Today
ID	0	The only thing I hate about Playoff Pens hockey is how much the tickets are! I wanted to go to a game but there 300$ a ticket
ID	1	The only thing I hate about Playoff Pens hockey is how much the tickets are! I wanted to go to a game but there 300$ a ticket
ID	2	@mileycyrus I VOTED!!! do u have a personal myspace? i keep talking to fakes   i &lt;3 you. u helped me thru the hrdest time of my life! (: x
ID	2	proper cba with out!
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/674p1 - @JTHawthorne this is my Ohio is for lovers tattoo got the design off the shirt.. haha but I lost the shirt
ID	4	is sadly sitting at home when she could be going to a partyyyyy
ID	2	@ArlenesUniverse I have tried. He doesn't want to listen. I don't know what to do anymore. I just feel like HE doesn't care anymore
ID	0	Wishing I could kidnap @candrews from work
ID	1	Wishing I could kidnap @candrews from work
ID	3	@Crazy_Cindy  BIG HUGGS
ID	2	ahhhh, very sad
ID	2	Migraining today--the naproxen sodium tablets I took are helping a little but my neck is now killing me.  Need my muscle relaxants
ID	4	@grrachel  that made me sad..
ID	2	i looking at failure
ID	2	@danielgrosvenor #Java is not working - hmph!  Can't upload photos to #Facebook.
ID	2	my finger hurts cause its infected!
ID	4	I need hugs from Joe Jonas
ID	2	@CenturyMontes why you stop following me? Was I not cool enough for you?
ID	2	@cazob  okay i need to find another way then lolz
ID	4	@Elleipein aww honey I'm sorry
ID	4	@ClintonSparks I told u I tried but 88 said it was 2 late  cause the girl I was with took 4ever 2 get ready. they wanted to meet up by 11.
ID	0	damn fight night 4 demo won't load, keeps crashing at the first screen. time to delete and re download i think
ID	1	damn fight night 4 demo won't load, keeps crashing at the first screen. time to delete and re download i think
ID	2	Wishing I made enough money to do whatever I want! Sux... No money in education
ID	0	@KourtneyKardash i hate this weather! When u have lived here ure whole life u get used to it...may is always rainy  @RobKardashian
ID	1	@KourtneyKardash i hate this weather! When u have lived here ure whole life u get used to it...may is always rainy  @RobKardashian
ID	2	@babblingbrookie Try being in AZ again brooke, Omg you cant even be outside for less than a minute before getting your neck burned.
ID	3	@princesspooh90 Yeah but it doesn't sound indie enough  i need2learn some other tunes and then pick up mo style =] 1hour! I'll c u then ;)
ID	3	I'm no longer a sophomore.  Junior year is bringing new things. I'll be on 24/7 now. Hit me up and check out  http://bit.ly/esGIQ
ID	2	@Broccolope sorry about calling you in really late
ID	2	@KourtneyKardash noo  I'm in miami and I just wanna lay out in the sun..but the rain has stopped me
ID	4	hates the sound of silence..doesnt like being shut out..
ID	4	Got up early did a shit ton now im headed to cherokee park to run  and walk !
ID	4	My arms are making me want to cry... and also because those shots made me sick
ID	4	@ jimithy1: can't come  msbj&lt;3
ID	2	@LLCee I had to find out via twitter
ID	4	@thatchmaster i miss that place, but miss wegmans even more. whole foods != wegmans
ID	2	how do I vote for Mr twitter universe??? I'm a bit stuck
ID	0	@lozzy hahah I wish that was true. This is really really bad  just gonna stay home and chill tonight. And as usual I REALLY wanted to go.
ID	1	@lozzy hahah I wish that was true. This is really really bad  just gonna stay home and chill tonight. And as usual I REALLY wanted to go.
ID	2	is mad that its raining
ID	3	@mileycyrus tell me where to vote and I will do so!!!! cause I'm from Germany I don't now where to do it..  btw: I love you and your music
ID	2	@Drob114 thanks for rubbing it in, jerk  where are you guys going this weekend?
ID	4	not really in the twitter mood today... i don't know what to do
ID	4	@Knownhuman damn - that's sad, then... I haven't heard the new one yet. Sounds like I've been spared a tragedy.
ID	2	@ColinBach Sorry dude couldn't make BBQ only just back from hospital
ID	3	My stomach is trying to eat itself. Is it time for lunch yet? *looks at clock* Damn... another hour 20 'til lunch.
ID	4	i wanna see 'up' tonight, but no one will go with me. whhhyyy
ID	3	Just received my Leeds 10K bib and timing chip - but my hip injury means I won't be breaking any 10K PB this time around
ID	4	Evaluating my people...Dont like this part of the job
ID	4	does anyone know where I can watch the prison break tv movie? It's not on itunes
ID	2	@mrs_aaberg it certainly was their fault that I had to crawl all over the woods today but I'm afraid it would have broken at home too
ID	2	@Intelligentle This was at Pitman's down South. It just looks like business is bad all over
ID	4	@BonesCrazy24 I've had the week off too...but I have Biology  exams to revise for so my Bones time is limited
ID	2	@jerseymoongirl - I'm hoping these pills will do something, cuz I'm gonna go nuts
ID	0	@Xantiriad the music in the trailer was terrible imo, cheesy handbag house. I was expecting some dnb or hard house
ID	1	@Xantiriad the music in the trailer was terrible imo, cheesy handbag house. I was expecting some dnb or hard house
ID	4	Edge left me off the contributors list in this month's issue.  x FFS. &lt;- Werd
ID	2	no phone call yet.. 20 minutes until I pluck up the courage. I WISH MY PHONE WOULD RING
ID	4	In denial about the moving van parked a few blocks away.
ID	4	Last day in maui
ID	2	So much work, so little time
ID	3	@THE_WOCKEEZ I wanna go! But I won't be there  I'm sure that the show will be great!!
ID	2	@countrygirls86 dude i tried!! it wouldn't load!
ID	4	@tapulous where's the UK love?!
ID	2	I feel really bad for female racoons with abusive racoon husbands... when you always have black eyes- no one can help
ID	3	A laodicean life for Kavya &amp; family probably got Kavya her spelling bee crown! Congrats! Note, spell check doesnt recognize laodicean
ID	4	@1jaredPADALECKI 5 seasons that's it? Sorry just noticed in ur previous update. My sis isn't gonna be happy
ID	4	oh how I miss my truck... I could have my whole place moved by now...
ID	4	is in mourning that he is having to miss the homesssssskooooler fair today!!!
ID	2	@mechellelewis Are you shattered after that long week?  Thats a pity about tomorrow night
ID	4	Laundry time and LOTS of it!
ID	2	@KimmyGotSoul aw damn. ok i got you for tuesday on that. i gotta write a short post for today tho
ID	3	having a great time on vacation, sure as heck don't want to go to work on tues.
ID	4	@princeofcode Sorry we couldn't get the project working with the windoze laptop  but a ton of folks came up afterwards and saw it running
ID	4	Still white despite being out for ages in the sun
ID	4	I feel like I'm going to toss my cookies
ID	3	@poppy_dog Lucky you! it's drizzling again. Mommy says the puddles are big enough 4 me to swim in, so no dog park today..
ID	3	@mr_uppercut that was such an 'old man' thing to say
ID	4	Off to Nanaimo 2day... missing my son already and i havent even left yet
ID	2	is taking mommy to the airport.
ID	2	@alivelshi what a society we live in
ID	2	ah seriously i dont even work with children some how i am still sick!  groundhog friday just got worse.
ID	4	Bad day at the office. In a horrendous mood  Was it national 'Act like an idiotic buffoon' day today and no-one bothered to tell me?!!
ID	3	@SometimesITweet, totally worth it!! great movie cool 3D glasses! i miss ya! and i miss @jesicawesley  and i miss new york too
ID	2	@Mauityler87 u don't love me  no follow..how was your night? ;-)
ID	0	Funerals are no bueno
ID	1	Funerals are no bueno
ID	4	SHIT I lost my Star Trek ring!    Starfleet Academy class ring w/ Golden Gate Bridge on it.  Got it as high school graduation present.
ID	4	@tessonfire I feel almost empty inside today.  Not a good feeling.
ID	2	@TheMrsNikkiSixx  We'll miss you  #Sixx?
ID	4	@Valholla that's sad  what kind of mess are you getting into this weekend?
ID	3	Hanging with my BFF @JasmineWHO today! Ya Ya! @amandababby Our old friend is in my prayers, I hope this experience helps her
ID	3	Can anyone eat a Hot Pocket and be completely satisfied?? Not me.
ID	4	@GeneralTekno I won't be getting any ROTF toys 'till MUCH later.  Tell me if anybody isn't/is worth getting.
ID	4	Friday night is never as fun as it should be when you have work on Saturday morning
ID	2	@Jonasbrothers come on guys.. you shouldn't promote here :| it's kinda disappointing. Twitter's for UPDATES
ID	4	@dfizzy you're so lucky. we have 6 weeks until summer
ID	3	@princeofcode Sorry we couldn't get the projector working with the windoze laptop  but a ton of people came up afterwards and saw it live
ID	4	Im sad...there's a for sale sign in front of my house!!
ID	2	Just got back in, and I'm absolutely exhausted, have to be up in 5 hours for work
ID	2	I am sick, very sick, sore throat and flu
ID	4	A little 3 mile run done!  22.5 minutes...  I'm exhausted!  Not impressed with the HRM...
ID	2	New picture isn't working
ID	2	@CourtneyREADs lost luggage? Sorry to hear.  you should check out our selection of travel luggage here: http://budurl.com/9mua
ID	3	@omar10points haha calm down. Youll get ur shades. I'm still sick tho. So I'll prolly knockout after
ID	3	@chrisbrownweb Hope Ye Got Dem; Ur Site Is Amazing, I Got On Everyday; I Tryed My Own, &amp; It Failed  Lol,
ID	4	i feel so bad when the kid is sick
ID	4	melissa_leah: my car wont start.......
ID	4	@cacaubrazil that's not great  guy related??
ID	4	@Impala_Guy Hello - im back  Hope that happens not occasionally as on wednesday
ID	4	@danisometimes  sadness. you could hang out with me and feel less apathetic.
ID	2	still trying to get better  had to get mommaz lovin..headed to her house.. ahhhhhh i so hate this feelin!
ID	3	I'm at the cubs game and it is so cold. I think its going to rain.
ID	0	Getting AxKit running on Ubuntu 8.04 is making my head explode.
ID	1	Getting AxKit running on Ubuntu 8.04 is making my head explode.
ID	4	Mean people suck.
ID	3	@ebassman I just got two tickets one for speeding and one for tinted windows
ID	4	we need to have a haters ball today like on dave chappelle,,,,, man I miss those days on comedy central the new episodes
ID	2	This is beyond terrible...my friends 18 yr old daughter jumped off the skyway bridge this morning. She was a beautiful girl...such a loss
ID	3	almost got in a giant car accident on the 101
ID	0	i hateeeeeeeeee telemarketers!!!!! gotten about 10 phone calls today from them and its only 3 in the afternoon!!
ID	1	i hateeeeeeeeee telemarketers!!!!! gotten about 10 phone calls today from them and its only 3 in the afternoon!!
ID	4	@japanimated I miss you too
ID	2	Just finished weeding the flower bed. Why is it the weeds grow so well but legitimate plants hate me?
ID	2	I'll guess I will see everyone after the weekend  Gunna be having major Tweet cravings the entire time!!...
ID	2	I have so much stuff in my car that I can just feel my MPG going in the toilet.
ID	4	@Spacerbunny oh that sucks!!!  Thank God for your laptop!!
ID	3	You better come here by the time I count to 10 or else. 1, 2, 3,  BAM!!!!!
ID	4	@MikeyUnderwood so no rice or crusty bread with the chili .... aawww
ID	3	@euginis did you have fun last night? we didn't see you.
ID	4	@Totally_Toni   i'm having one of those days today also
ID	2	@Kngston someone i work with today told me that if i took a &quot;real age&quot; test, it would tell me i'm 45
ID	3	sitting at home doing nothing. gonna be like this all weekend
ID	0	...  Headed to Hospitol : Had to pull out of the Golf Tourny in 3rd place!!!!!!!!!!! I Think I Re-Ripped something !!! Yeah THAT !!
ID	1	...  Headed to Hospitol : Had to pull out of the Golf Tourny in 3rd place!!!!!!!!!!! I Think I Re-Ripped something !!! Yeah THAT !!
ID	4	slept with my eye open again- hurts like hell... wish I could find the eye lube stuff to make it feel better....
ID	0	@chezpim they are terrible little beast but if the garden is small you can simply collect them, or you can buy poisonous food pellets
ID	1	@chezpim they are terrible little beast but if the garden is small you can simply collect them, or you can buy poisonous food pellets
ID	4	I'm suppose to get up to go find sumthin to wear tomorrow but I can't get up
ID	3	Getting my butt kicked by this project  I have the idea, but can't get it perfect.
ID	4	u ever have a friend that u just wonder why are we friends? i know what you get from me but i'm questioning what i'm getting from u.
ID	2	Lost my keys  now i'm waiting for my dad in d'iberville. Phail. Also fml
ID	4	@qdakid Q, i dont get love anymore  ?
ID	0	Hairdye patch test has just smeared all over my WHITE duvet cover  fucking cunts. &lt;3
ID	1	Hairdye patch test has just smeared all over my WHITE duvet cover  fucking cunts. &lt;3
ID	2	@SportsDivaTiffy Hey, did his wife die? I am really confused. I hadn't been on his MySpace in a little while, but I just read his Twit.
ID	2	Its so sunny outside, and I have no one to go out and play with
ID	3	@deeliciouz Even without the dressing they're still over 500 calories. I love that flatbread.
ID	4	@Cherryadestains It was blatently your fault for just shoving it in the bag when I said no  I felt that you had very much tricked me. xx
ID	3	going to work once again. what a great few days off i had. now it's over  but atleast i get 2 more commin up wahooooooo
ID	4	@MelissaPan awe yeah, it's more fun revising with others but you get distracted easier &gt;.&lt; yeah I'm tired, revising history
ID	2	I didn't find my dress
ID	4	Ugh, I don't know if U even care about Nicole Richie, but I do and C that I missed her on TV last nite despite the twitter  @JennOrtigoza
ID	4	George is sad because he can't go for a car ride with his dad  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6877274
ID	4	sick  and HAPPY 13th Amanda
ID	3	@MelissaPan aww yeah, it's more fun revising with others but you get distracted easier &gt;.&lt; yeah I'm tired, revising history
ID	3	mmm, pizza for dinner. yum. but i burnt my mouth though ..
ID	3	My Respect For Travis Clark Has Gone Down 7.5 Notches
ID	0	anyone have tickets to the mtv movie awards? some guy scammed me
ID	1	anyone have tickets to the mtv movie awards? some guy scammed me
ID	2	despertando megadespistado, me ire a la u y luego full fin de semana on the beach, saldr en wild on!
ID	4	@tatrtalk I wanted to, but I sadly work today.  Normally, I don't work Fridays, either.
ID	4	Willie is pouting because Grandma didn't put any treats on my food  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6877293
ID	2	@Xaan I'm having trouble viewing it as well on you tube for some reason
ID	2	Bought it.  Now I have to wait 2-3 weeks.   Boo.
ID	4	So tired n sick-what the fuck is wrong w me
ID	3	This weekend. I will be in dallas so no kandy koated around the H
ID	4	is really sad about her nephew  but keeping busy sorting out items for BWM! http://bit.ly/N9tsM
ID	4	@MajorSpoilers majorspoilers.com has problems - cannot get the site working
ID	2	oh god they're breaking down so much plaster what are they doing in there  i like walls, thanks!
ID	3	@haikubirdie If only  I may make one out of dental floss later.
ID	4	@pollybowles don't say that - I really miss my red Porsche (sold it 2 yrs ago)
ID	4	just played like, 5 games of dota hahaha. I wanna go home
ID	4	On my way to get the crate and Bella Dolce!!!! Sad cuz @livingdeaderin is going tto Richmond
ID	4	@PrinceTerrence TERRY TERRY TERRY!! i miss you
ID	2	Allianz interview went well, got a rejection from MOD though  .... going to be a long weekend as I hear from Allianz on Monday
ID	4	@lancearmstrong any chance of seeing you at a race in germany? unfortunately hardly any tv &amp; news coverage of cycling here anymore!
ID	2	@jasonridge1 you're in harlem? where? im so jealous right now! i miss living in nyc!
ID	3	Just had some babi pangang. Now off to friends. Tomorrow it's working time again
ID	2	@mileycyrus i voted and i couldnt
ID	3	The morning forcast on the radio was partly to mostly cloudy -yay vog-  stay inside and have a HAPPY FRIDAY
ID	4	@mtupyro - don't feel bad. I got a foad for a promotion here too.
ID	2	Sheesh my meds make me feel like I'm at the bottom of the ocean...and I have to go back to work today  Be sad with me...
ID	2	It's a sad day, found the first scratch on my car.
ID	2	@cameo1172 i have 2 friends going  so jealous
ID	2	@elmofromok Oh it's been so long I can't remember
ID	0	this week has been awful.
ID	1	this week has been awful.
ID	2	Aw man, Half Term isn't long enough    lol!
ID	4	Is at the botanical gardens and its beautiful but she forgot an extra memory card so no pictures today
ID	0	Have to keep bumping the mouse so my computer doesn't go to sleep. No Internet access  No files to work on. Slowest Friday eeeeevvveeerrrr
ID	1	Have to keep bumping the mouse so my computer doesn't go to sleep. No Internet access  No files to work on. Slowest Friday eeeeevvveeerrrr
ID	3	@marykayte lucky! I still want those blue ones
ID	2	@laurenRIOT_x it's only on in glasgow
ID	2	wats up with the racism in australia? Its not nice
ID	2	change of plans. won't be seeing Up today.
ID	4	moving offices  I'm going to miss you Hollywood.
ID	2	Off to guitar now! I almost said swim. Phew!!
ID	2	@caitran i do! Id love to go, but i have a bunch of stuff to do that day, dont think i actually could go.
ID	4	2 days without sleep and now a migraine. I thought life postR01 was meant to be relaxing
ID	4	Please help me get this song out of my head
ID	4	Im in science!! very boring
ID	2	its overcast today again  it looks like it wants to clear up but i doubt it :/
ID	2	Dear Mr. President: Please TALK TO US abt what you plan to do re: DADT. Because right now, you just look like a liar.
ID	3	leaving now  dont miss me too much tweetbeaks &lt;3
ID	2	Hm. Have you ever realized how incredibly over-rated Tokio Hotel is becoming? It makes me sad.
ID	2	@bluepoof They have a list of 50 state parks here in PA that are under consideration for closing. Nice ones too.
ID	2	hurt my arm  can't write, hope it will be over for june the 5th
ID	2	Arrggghhh...dang post office.  Did not get the package in yet, may have to wait until tomorrow
ID	2	@Gleegirloz Life is too short. I know its slefish but i wish everybody would outlive ME
ID	2	And I just saw something real sad on my lunch... A dog with two broken back legs.
ID	2	okay, got the card, but my phone is fucked up at the moment.  please use email to reach me, sorry
ID	4	Back at home. At the moment Im speaking to my aunt on the telephone and Darius is neighting in the backround... Miss my little horse
ID	2	I think my wireless router is dieing
ID	3	Immediately regretting my decision to come into the office today, miss my bed
ID	2	@kgs  lost luggage? Sorry to hear.  you should check out our selection of travel luggage here: http://budurl.com/9mua
ID	2	Bad Day. History Test Tommorrow. And I want to go out in the sun and play..
ID	2	@jonmyers The problem is that I'm not finished with it  But I have logged in mass hours this week on it. And i'm not being paid! POP!
ID	2	Down again   seems like it never gonna stop and I'll never get what i want
ID	4	@deevazquez Lol. She's offering me a case of guiness!  can you one up her? If you buy me two I'll stay. Let's start the bidding wars
ID	2	@MelissaHourigan i wish. i'm on lock down  we need to catch up, though. seriously.
ID	2	Sgt. Hughes has bacteria meningitis  so i disinfected our female latrine and im writing an essay on meningitis for Sgt. Ski....
ID	4	watched prison break special, such a sad ending
ID	2	@MrsNewlywed  Sorry to hear that.
ID	4	Aww @danbharris is getting married, congrats to him and his new wife! Now I miss the WN Weekend people
ID	0	The new tecas driver license design is ugly
ID	1	The new tecas driver license design is ugly
ID	2	is getting her hair did shortly! and hoping everything is going well for her friend currently getting surgery!
ID	4	Spent the last hour signing yearbooks. I'll miss you guys!
ID	3	Goin to the mall and gonna see the movie ghost of gfs past i hope its good and top it all im goin alone  but ilook cute and feel good ^^
ID	4	@danielbachhuber if so, the TMobile G1 is the Hummer H1. I wish I had the battery life of an iPhone!
ID	4	Oh no... The sun's gone!
ID	0	I cant get all my rwitters on my phone this phone sucks
ID	1	I cant get all my rwitters on my phone this phone sucks
ID	2	All I want is to see him tonight.  and I know it's not gonna happen.
ID	4	@NateBodnar are you going with jordan? he told me to come but im stuck at work
ID	4	@nippysweety Thanks very much for the #ff @nippysweety ! My only one today
ID	2	@tinchystryder   woooooo im seeing you in glasgow when you come, september is agessss away but
ID	4	@revfry his fam would disown us if we weren't there!   Both of us really wanted to come to the bbq  but got our weekends mixed up -
ID	2	BTW, hey ppl. lol TGIF. Hopefully ur day is gr8. Mine is aight. Feeling like it kinda sux I got no plans 4 the wknd....
ID	3	I'm sick of being sick. The weekend is here and I'm ready to party
ID	3	I love when i have to burp but everytime i try i almost throw up
ID	2	@simon__diamond brown but it looks black  at least its not red cos it would have looked like a period stain :/ &lt;3
ID	4	@Pristina I hide my berry like a slave REGULARLY only today I was caught by massa   &amp; im def not light enough to be a juice pouring slave
ID	2	@suziewi  lost luggage? Sorry to hear.  you should check out our selection of travel luggage here: http://budurl.com/9mua
ID	3	I have the biggest crush on Pink but she doesn't know I'm alive
ID	4	i'm out of books to read, movies to watch n stuff to buy...i'm bored!
ID	4	Sad to say bye bye to these beautiful mountains.  http://twitpic.com/675ks
ID	4	I missed @tapulous giving away a TTC code
ID	4	#twpp and no one told me?
ID	3	@nzinghashakur for...the...loss. dumbface  ...him, not u. what u up to on the wknd? i wanna seeeeeee ya!
ID	2	@MsVanityQT Flirting! Ima good man with bad habits.
ID	4	Why don't you make me feel like you used to
ID	4	@AttyBowen me and Arlando are totally done. I havn'e talked to him in a LONG time!Now I just have to find a 'worth while' man...
ID	4	I Wish i was still in Cornwall - i miss my auntie's dogs
ID	4	@hitekfame my bad... I am always running...
ID	3	@cwjacobs lol, what's wrong? workin right now sowwwy
ID	2	I'm missing one of my diamond earrings. This makes me sad.
ID	3	@loribot my music collection will be coming up to 250gb soon.  haha
ID	4	Ok, WTF?! Why do you have something on your menu *in the window* if you don't sell it?! I wanted my bubble tea
ID	4	@majayy what about me  I miss you too!
ID	3	wanna go on the new manta ride  wish i was in the states
ID	3	@laydmaxix aww  i will keep sending it ;)
ID	3	I read some pretty awesome web comics today. And there's nothing really good on woot today  http://myloc.me/20gf
ID	4	@lisibo ooohhhhh - sorry  So sad - never noticed the dollar signs! #oxteach
ID	2	@Bizfizz Damn damn and blast!  I'm at LMHR tomorrow and Sam out   Who is running it?  I could see if she could join next week?
ID	3	i am boooooooored, theres nowhere to go
ID	4	Ugly betty was sooooooo sad!!!
ID	2	Has research guilt as I spent the day feeling sorry for myself with a cold.... will need to spend significant time coding this weekend
ID	0	completely bummed.  I'm stuck in a ford focus for the weekend.  My car's in the shop.
ID	1	completely bummed.  I'm stuck in a ford focus for the weekend.  My car's in the shop.
ID	2	I got the dispatch e-mail about my books an hour ago, and UPS' status is already 'Exception'.
ID	0	@22jenny I hate snood. lol. sorrry  i dont know how people play it!
ID	1	@22jenny I hate snood. lol. sorrry  i dont know how people play it!
ID	3	just got a subponea
ID	4	Only have 80  followers... So sad.
ID	3	i haven't have had an weird kiss yet  ..all were damn romanticaly hot.. #twpp
ID	4	Senior video in mustang update. I'm gonna cry
ID	4	I have to wait until I get home to watch the New Moon trailer clip. Stupid work Internet access restrictions
ID	3	never mind it's closed  sorry Miley
ID	4	Its so cold! I wish @shelby_says or @tattoos1985 were here to cuddle with me
ID	4	Back at home and phone my grandma... I love her and miss her
ID	3	@neudesigns MCM is still my next main event.  I'll be happy to get back running soon.  Still run-less for 10 days.
ID	4	@Ilovefal b/c &quot;we&quot; ONLY have Baby Phat, Phat Farm, Applebottoms &amp; FUBU!! And they come up pretty WEAK!! Double
ID	2	I'm crossing my fingers and hoping that this copy of Sims 2 works...last copy totally bit it hard.
ID	2	Plasma fail this afternoon--40 minutes of repeated needle stickage, adjustment, and pain.    At least I still got paid!
ID	2	@tonyhawk I missed them at Red Rocks.  Sad couple of days.
ID	3	FANTASTIC week in London but ATROCIOUS 8 hour journey home
ID	2	@142Staircases I seriously miss you and you're right! I already asked Justin to teach me, but he hasn't told me how to yet.
ID	3	@smfibus I have a feeling that we'll be able to get anything we want as long as it's &quot;green.&quot;
ID	2	@GeekySteph - I'm alright thanks pal, just bored witless, bored to hell, really wanna' go out somewhere!
ID	2	@zeldman For me everything ok except install crashed at the end and now Safari crashes at every cmd+Q
ID	4	There is no good place to grab a quick healthy lunch in downtown Golden. Looks like it may be Safeway
ID	2	Nic has no idea what he's going to do!  money is all gone!
ID	2	@ASinisterDuck such a shit show
ID	3	@gowalla Added 3 more spots in Memphis today and visited 2.  Needed a Hot Dog icon for a new restaurant so had to settle for a Hamburger
ID	2	i think i need a drink
ID	4	Wow. Way to be discouraged  idk anymore... fml.
ID	3	@alrapke the only thing is I'm not a chocolate fan  but the thought was yhere
ID	2	@YvonneBeasley sadly, i don't think we'll have a bunch of free ice cream this year
ID	3	@JessicaMaley Hmm announcing your summer shifts on facebook...you're cool! hahaha. Mate I think I've got sunstroke  xxx
ID	4	@PvtMarcus I always choose to be a good guy, even if I know its only a game, i feel a bit bad doing evil things
ID	4	dam i missed hollyoaks 2nite!
ID	4	Bitter sweet moment... Want to leave but have nothing to go home to...
ID	2	Thinks twitter doesn't like me
ID	3	@MandyyJiroux ah it doesnt work for me  but i just want to say i love the beach girl, you guys are acee! england loves you (: xx
ID	0	Dont you hate when u take a bite of an apple and its nasty?im a very sad panda now
ID	1	Dont you hate when u take a bite of an apple and its nasty?im a very sad panda now
ID	2	going out  I can't do this crap anymore :'(
ID	3	Ok so 4 needs to hurry up and come wtf I wanna go hooooommmeeee!
ID	4	I definitely missed listening to The Spill Canvas, I miss seeing them live as well  &quot;Now I'm in stitches ooooover you and oooover you, oh&quot;
ID	2	dissapointed in every way....confused... and damaged by the ugly love bug
ID	4	feel crappy today
ID	2	dang it...looks like I have to work this weekend  they always do that at the last minute! n I really wanted some time to practice my talk
ID	3	Man i wish i could just bathe in my ice-cold sunkist right now.... But then i'd be sticky
ID	2	Ppl who smoke pot, are so f . . .n stupid. An instant turn off. drugs in general. why? seriously! ! ! why?
ID	4	sad day, redskins release Jansen   Best wishes to him. http://twurl.nl/ueivwi
ID	2	@BabyStowz yo wats up? how u doin 2day? u havnt answerd any of my replys
ID	2	@My_Sweethearts Im following you but you aren't on my DM list  Can you try to DM me?
ID	2	Pwnd from all sides
ID	4	prom tonight.. too bad im not going to be there
ID	2	fighting again
ID	4	Bad day!  Work's TOO stressful...been involved in a minor accident, but everything's ok so far. Have to cut down immediately!
ID	4	Ok grey/cold day in LA, listening to PJ Harvey, Jenny Lewis, Cat Power..I see a pattern here.
ID	3	@geektrooper I know.  I am definitely going to try and see Up this weekend.
ID	2	I had a dream there was some kind of bug on my eye
ID	4	not sure where the real state market is moving  confused either hold or go ahead with the plans?
ID	0	I don't want to quit my job.
ID	1	I don't want to quit my job.
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/675tw - Square B - she is sad because she wasn't there and now she's, well, square  (crocheted bee with poly fibe ...
ID	2	@Jazziy showed my fluid decreasing slightly so doesnt look like Im getting out of this bed anytime soon  Ive got a follow up U/S next week
ID	4	ps it's rainging
ID	4	@innonate @juliaxgulia Can't figure out how to reply on Tumblr sorry! I don't get into NYC until 6/4 so I can't go to any events b4 then
ID	3	@HH4764 ...and there I miss you.
ID	4	Not a happy camper  not having a good day at all...
ID	2	@MsUndrstood My sister is graduating too &amp; I can't afford to buy here anything
ID	3	Going to @LittleSkillet for lunch today with @earth2andy. Who's in? I still need to hit the ATM.
ID	2	A delay until midnight  bloody thomson!!!!
ID	2	@PuptownProducts Worried about our Arabelle. Tweet please. Or text.
ID	2	@juliedarling supposed to be visiting Austin Sun-Thurs..but not feeling well since vaca.  Would've said hello for sure!
ID	4	@Fearnecotton I'm gonna miss the show  at whitby for the weekend! btw i love your show! Radio 1 is always on! ly x
ID	3	bored out of my mind. I guess im paying the price for having so much fun yesterday.
ID	2	@masterluke103 oh how the ladies will suffer now  LOL
ID	4	running errands with geeta... feeling like i have the plague
ID	2	I miss matt today
ID	3	@BrooklynDDecker twice? lucky you. i havent even watched it once. just released here today.
ID	4	Want to hang out with beth and tenaya and their hubbys tonight....but jon wants to hang out with some other people
ID	3	@JosephHabedank was gonna DM you but it says you're not following me!    lol  after all I've done!  hahaha
ID	2	ahh my poor feeeeeet
ID	4	Ha I got another #followfriday. take that @mage! oh... your listed too... thanks a lot @Lowjacker ya jerk.
ID	4	i didnt get a hug today
ID	2	What a bad day
ID	2	@JonKress perhaps she will start including #magic in all of her tweets now too. BTW... you didn't write #magic in ur tweet to me.
ID	4	Tonight is my last night in my apartment...
ID	0	@grizzmusic wheres the music mannnn!!?? my inbox is still empty
ID	1	@grizzmusic wheres the music mannnn!!?? my inbox is still empty
ID	2	@sarahsss i wish i had friends i could spend the night with
ID	2	The pentagram has rejected the offering
ID	4	My cat died of kidney failure during my math test  This day needs to get better.
ID	4	@TheHebrican can we trade weather? it's all gloomy today in la.
ID	4	I feel actual heartbreak.. @Levanah_Gates last night  x
ID	2	everybody is leaving work early except me
ID	2	which was so UNLIKE the POs in oakland. they hated me
ID	2	@jennhoots Well let's be blessed together then too! Yes, I feel better, but I would be sick again though if my little was spared.
ID	2	@Pink Oh I beg of you to add just a 3rd nite in Dublin in October... PLEEEEEEEASSSEEEEEEE
ID	2	So tired   Last group of the day is performing now.. It's been an interesting one.
ID	4	@amandadiva I've had to do laundry for the last two days
ID	3	@mileycyrus I would vote for you Miley but I live in Ireland  You'll be fine  Good luck! Sln!(bye in irish ) Sorcha xxxx
ID	4	*sigh* Last day at work. I has an sadifying in my heartparts.
ID	2	Its two o clock in the morning!
ID	3	@T_Rex_513 I'm working all weekend
ID	4	I missed the math trade
ID	2	Boingo connected without fuss this time, but it's slower'n snail piss...    (MDW, Food Count between Concourses A and B)
ID	0	@DR I'm SO jealous- it's pouring right now
ID	1	@DR I'm SO jealous- it's pouring right now
ID	4	wishing i could go out of town this weekend
ID	4	@NG01 you got it. poor thing not gonna have a choice for much longer though
ID	3	@blaqberry I know, me too.  I'm hoping since I got him sesame oil, which he loves, that he'll let it slide. *fingers crossed*
ID	4	@Zaidah1 i can't listen to music at work  I probably could try, but then i'll have to start hunting for a new job on monday
ID	2	@Bri51NY Awww  that's no fun, did you take something?
ID	3	ok @shaaqt @spitphyre @limeice @unitechy @punkpolkadots Love you girls. but work beckons.  Will come back later for #twpp
ID	4	@ChrisSligh I am saddened to see you felt the need to comment about Clay. I know you don't care, but you lost one follower today.
ID	3	Just sitting waiting for my husband to get home
ID	2	My twitter is on c r a c k
ID	2	storming outside
ID	0	I really don't like this weather
ID	1	I really don't like this weather
ID	3	@Shan_Shan_West Im so excited to see u!! Its been forever  My lil Shan Shan gettin married!!  PS Did u really get a tattoo?? Lol
ID	4	i have the adam lambert version of FEELIN GOOD in my head... i miss idol already.
ID	0	@ep31 well twitter doesn't even work from my phone anymore
ID	1	@ep31 well twitter doesn't even work from my phone anymore
ID	2	thank god for some overcast and ivory. Trying to get my mom to take me out to lunch egh doesnt look like its gonna work.
ID	2	I don't wanna do this presentation
ID	2	i NEED MY fRYEND!
ID	2	Ohai wilkes barre--scranton exit!  estimated arrival time: 7:22. TOO FAR AWAY.
ID	3	Had wonderful company and a not so bad salad today at McDonalds for lunch. Now headed to my doctor's appt. booh hiss!
ID	3	@cloudconnected KH is the only thing I'll be a weeaboo about.  I still prefer it in English but I'm impatient, haha
ID	2	@andrewho why would u get in trouble with me, i did not follow the logic sorry
ID	4	promised myself not to eat crisps but im starving and theres nothing else quick to eat
ID	3	Speedbumps suck when u gotta piss!!
ID	2	Dude my butt itches  but i cant scratch it cause ppl r here
ID	2	About to get shot! Ow!
ID	0	@ctrleverything We're off.  I'm sorry. Parents coming in around 10-11, gonna eat with them, then house-hunt in Richardson. RAAAAIN CHEEECK
ID	1	@ctrleverything We're off.  I'm sorry. Parents coming in around 10-11, gonna eat with them, then house-hunt in Richardson. RAAAAIN CHEEECK
ID	2	Worried about Bry, he has bronchitis and a sinus infection   Poor baby.
ID	2	TweetDeck is acting really strange! Hum........ reinstall maybe. Update on the horizon? Or is it just another Adobe memory leak
ID	2	@websiteowner Thanks though - am trying to be positive!!  Wine may not be helping lol!!  Wish I could make the gigs.....
ID	4	ok, I want to quit my job.....
ID	2	@fanifang i did and i feel great....   but i still miss it...
ID	2	@Xx_Elmo_xX awhh you alright ?
ID	2	*sighs* My head hurts.  Does anyone know if you can mix Benadryl with Claritin if you're already taking it with Sudafed?
ID	3	Ahhh i'm sqeaky clean and fresh. Even though i'm wearing dirty clothes  I love Two and a Half Men - it's amazing!
ID	2	life should be exciting today but someone very close to me has mardy bum and its starting to rub off on me!!
ID	4	@Suai awww me sorry.. its been so long.. u left me
ID	2	@krystynchong Your still thinking?  Cheer up Buddy )
ID	4	My paycheck was nothing but a piece of paper.
ID	4	@tahninial nothing, they make it up, last time i checked a jar of curry sauce there was no pepper inside, i was disappointed
ID	4	Not eating funnel cake at Mag Fest is what I am doing
ID	3	@backstreetboys I'd love for Nicky Poo and Bri &amp; Howie &amp; Aj, to wish me a happy birthday  please please please please pleaseee guys..
ID	0	@Don_J think so.. although think i am being ignored! not a good day
ID	1	@Don_J think so.. although think i am being ignored! not a good day
ID	3	@Aeire ahahaha, that happens to me all the time.  poor Angela!
ID	4	Wish I was going back to the lake for the weekend...had a blast...miss my lil bro
ID	2	@Emma300 Oh I'm sorry hun  (((XXX)))) I'm fine thanks.....kids are driving me nuts, but hey ho, they're back to school on Monday!!
ID	3	Wants to go catch happy hour @sonic to get me a strawberry lemonade slush (@ameshaye put me on them)...but i dont have my car...super
ID	4	@laydieluck777 damn  real sorry to hear that ma
ID	3	@pimpstyleo Yeah prbly pickin up songs for SingStar. Haven't checked the last few store updates. And dunno that Cranberries song.
ID	2	@egsa I knooooow.  I'm just down on myself today I guess. I'll work on catching up instead. It would take too long to get there now.
ID	4	@meganduffy aww I miss u too! Haven't ate
ID	4	@aliasgirl18 Exactly!  He wouldn't say it if they'd hinted it to him. I will seriously die with him if it's true.
ID	2	@dkrleo1: aww im sorry honey.  that stinks
ID	2	About to go pick up my roomate from the airport....no more house to myself.
ID	2	the people are coming to kill my mouse on monday    i have mixed emotions.  i mean, he lives in my desk drawer!!
ID	2	@geeketteFi and I SIT HERE all on my own doing nowt  hmmpfff lol..have a good night
ID	3	@Minicooperr yeahh! Ryland was amazing xD BUT I DIDN'T GET A HUG OFF HIM booo  Suarez seemed a bit off tbh..but I think he'd just woken up
ID	2	i ate waaaay to much candy today, i feel sick
ID	2	@blairangela I don't want to  !!!! I am going to cry all the way home!!!
ID	3	Just eaten, and feel extremely bloated...  now for the not so fun part.
ID	2	I have to say, I find it very hard selling on etsy.... sometimes discouraging
ID	3	Last days of maternity leave
ID	2	Darn it my DS died    x
ID	2	fever's down. headache far worse, bad enough that light or sound make me want 2 cry.  new: wretched neck pain. im calling out to job#2
ID	0	@LadyLucius Oh eww that is suck!
ID	1	@LadyLucius Oh eww that is suck!
ID	2	@JosephChapman Outlook not so good
ID	4	@Katrinasummer Dude, I hear ya. I'll be 26 two weeks from tomorrow. I feel old.
ID	2	Fiona is sad because there wasn't enought room in Megan's suitcase for her  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5163602
ID	3	About to present my project.
ID	2	Am i really hyperventilating over my hair???  yes, i most certainly am.
ID	2	@Shansgrl have a good nap. Sorry bout the dumby at work.
ID	0	my brother is irritating. and not just bc he takes &amp; wears my clothes without asking. i want to punch him violently for shit he does.
ID	1	my brother is irritating. and not just bc he takes &amp; wears my clothes without asking. i want to punch him violently for shit he does.
ID	2	Its pouring and i have holes in my shoes
ID	2	@shoemoney I'm more upset about the fact that 2010 is the last year
ID	2	I need a new phone already  or i needa go to the store and see if they'll fix mine o.O
ID	4	R is going to be mad :/ Science of Sleep is missing and it's due back! I didn't even get to watch it!
ID	4	Mexico City traffic  Beating the rush hour to make it to the Aeropuerto
ID	3	aw man. just watched hollyoaks again and it was very sad
ID	4	@binary42 I'm sorry you won't make it.
ID	2	@Pappy60 Looks nice.... never knew VHS had such a short life span... hope my fav VHS is not dead
ID	2	Installing a new hard drive! Gotta redo everything though
ID	2	Twitter won't let me update online. My update box won't work.
ID	3	Waiting for 5:00 &amp; having cramps
ID	0	Friday has a whole different meaning when you have to work Saturday and Sunday
ID	1	Friday has a whole different meaning when you have to work Saturday and Sunday
ID	4	has has an ok day with jo. She bit me and now its bruised.
ID	4	@birdsandbones meeee too. i am listening to sad music and missing you.  ps - http://www.daytrotter.com/
ID	2	@tim_weber I wrote a leadership essay abt its founder. The expansion didn't went well, tried to break in America. Lots of money burned.
ID	4	@jennjolie yep... or it should b automatic that if u fall 4 someone that person does 2!or smthng like that... but the way it is SUCKS!
ID	4	@sirhova its been clownin since it got flooded in htown in april. Got it repaired or so I thought.
ID	2	i have dried up superglue on my thunb
ID	2	Great. I let my friend use my ipod this morning and he uses it all day and kills the battery. So now i cant listen to demi.
ID	2	@kellichase  I'm sorry.
ID	2	meep. i cant text patrick back. babyyyyyy!
ID	3	@jasonwitmer you haven't drawn me yet
ID	2	@GaltsGhost LMAO shush. with my illness comes the joys of multiple mouth ulcers, and i think they are coming back  they JUST healed
ID	2	Sad. I don't know what to do with my life. Everything I have done since the age of 16 has been towards healthcare and nursing
ID	4	I feel sorry for male singers.  they are never gonna be as great Zac Hanson! Pooorr fellas
ID	2	having a bad day
ID	4	@sarahfenn I prefer overcast days too. Sorry it's hot where you are.
ID	2	My girl needs a hug! She lost here cell phone
ID	0	Ughhhh...mad as ppl make me some times...I don't like 2 have 2 do yucky thngs  I am NOT cut out 2 deal w HR stuf...ppl's tears kill me!
ID	1	Ughhhh...mad as ppl make me some times...I don't like 2 have 2 do yucky thngs  I am NOT cut out 2 deal w HR stuf...ppl's tears kill me!
ID	4	ayy fml. nothing is perfect
ID	4	@BabyStowz yea, feel like im bein ignored
ID	2	had a great session canvassing in the sun... but now is miserable cus i have no1 to go to the pub with
ID	4	about to start work and missing him like crazy.I wont be seeing him till Tuesday
ID	2	@MrsNewlywed I am so sorry!!  That really sucks
ID	2	ONLY 1 thing sucks about holidays: worrying about pets. Cats will be tgthr @ &quot;cat resort&quot; but Jonesy won't have much company @ dad-in-law
ID	2	misses @laurencarll so much
ID	2	twit twit twitter! trying to &quot;legally&quot; watch a movie online, its not happening
ID	3	@jenrolton  awwwww  would a virtual high five make it any better?
ID	3	On the airport in Philadelphia at the moment, waiting for the plane to leave in about an hour. Just six more hours on a plane
ID	3	@Octo77 staying in, hve June exams 4 docent training class ,need to study  , we hvng zombie movie sunday aftrn, u both shld come over!
ID	3	really wants a puppy...
ID	4	@kurttheobald No problem. Unfortunately, I think it was just something I had to sort out on my own.
ID	4	I know I shouldn't be saying this but fuck it..I'm horny as hell  http://twurl.nl/8q6cjc
ID	4	home, don't feel like going to work tomorrow
ID	2	@alchemuse Oh noes.  Hope you feel better soon. My head sympathizes with yours.
ID	4	@mileycyrus AHHHH!!!! Voting is closed for your categories!!!  I would have voted for you in them though!  I tried.
ID	4	Had some fun in the sun,, Im not seeing my tan yet though      I want chocolate!
ID	2	Thinking about all of the cleaning and organizing that needs to be done over the weekend!
ID	2	@backseatsurfer9 Oy.  Get checked for ulcers please please please.
ID	4	@Rckstar53 Why I gotta be all that?... I sad now
ID	2	I don't wanna go to work tonight.
ID	4	wish i didnt have to go to work tonight
ID	4	Still not feeling well
ID	3	Ready for Eastenders - going to be a good one!! .. Then the last BGT Semi Final  .. FINAL tomorrow night though  Exciting stuff...
ID	2	Yes!! Finally Friday...which tech means nothing to me since Im currently unemployed
ID	4	Biggest food fight/mosh pit ever and i miss it from across the school
ID	2	@irgxana next time? I might not get there this time if the bus has anything to do with it
ID	4	Fire call today missed it
ID	3	@murdeek  i met him! hes from where i live !!! he goes clubbing the same places lol! i dont get twittter
ID	4	was gonna go to my brothers show but still feeling like poo :**(
ID	4	Is anyone else having a bad Friday? Is not a fun day today.
ID	0	@heartystew Trickery?  No, just exasperation at seeing gay Pride hijacked by a politics bigger and uglier then anything it's meant for
ID	1	@heartystew Trickery?  No, just exasperation at seeing gay Pride hijacked by a politics bigger and uglier then anything it's meant for
ID	3	Best purchases at today at the yard sales: 2 large dog crates ($30) and a refrigerator for the office ($35) didn't buy anything old
ID	4	Is on 'msn', but nones on! :@  :'(
ID	2	@DARRENJ0NES you poor thing   *hug*  plenty of aloe gel in summer eh?
ID	4	Best day at work, best weekend ahead. Hopefully I will have someone to go to USC with...
ID	2	@nevermore222 poor tony  come play scrabble on facebook!
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/676hv - R.I.P Fristy just thinking abt her
ID	2	On the plane to yosemite. Forgot my laptop at home
ID	2	@rubberduckygirl Hey, sorry I didn't get in touch sooner! We didn't go by Bologna. It was out of our way
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/676hz - It's raining  so chocolate world it is !
ID	4	at the risk of sounding like a whiny child, I gotta say...I WANNA GO HOOOOOOOOOOOOMEEEEE!!! Ugh.
ID	2	@btpl iTunes won't let you move songs from the touch onto the computer.
ID	2	@DazzlesPR oh phew you scared me. I wont have ANY access when im in mexico
ID	3	@Yermilla @NafRas 250E!!! CRAZZYYYY ! But just this summer !!!  cuz Ci are very close to RD! :s
ID	2	Today I'm sad, my cat of 10 years has just stopped eating, and is very sick.
ID	2	Hey where my left nipple? She never respond bacc..
ID	2	My parents wachting tv but it is terrible and there is nothing else  me so sad
ID	2	@doverbey why aren't you showing up as a #spymaster in my screen?
ID	2	Very sad that my camera is in the hands of the Geek Squad. 2-3 weeks!
ID	4	Prodigiy and The Crystal Method tomorrow for USC Birthday party and I have to work  first time I miss the Crystal Method. SAD!
ID	2	hm seems to have been because my blog was marked as a phishing site
ID	3	@tagscats thanks! You know that happens once in awhile
ID	4	@backstreetboys http://twitpic.com/3x3wq - impossible to know them closely
ID	2	So.... the first day back to work = 300+ emails still to get through
ID	4	@jordanhowell nah just iplayer listening back to it, its not working
ID	2	it's summer time.... these gas prices are going up again
ID	2	can't find any good version of 100 Monkeys song    ++ still doesn't get how to send message things on twitter.
ID	4	I just lost my favorite pen  good thing I have a back up =D
ID	2	internet on trains is 100% awful!!!
ID	2	I just got back to London to discover.....still no tickets
ID	2	@momebie omginorite! I'd be all fancy and tophatted all the time, it's really too bad I can't grow a handlebar moustache..
ID	2	Thinking bout maddies comments
ID	3	leaving work, going to crystal to search for her license, picking her and bia up, then heading to vegas. ugh i'm tired already
ID	2	@cameo1172 i feel u  but its sooo close to me hard not to  but i cant so no point ugh
ID	4	@AbbyRo good good same sched for me too sadly
ID	2	Washing The Dishes :S iTs So hard 2 be Me
ID	4	@stephenjerzak awww i didnt pass my speech
ID	2	Cried Like A Fukn Baby Today Durin Da Senior Show...Ima Miss All My Senior Friends
ID	2	I hurt my foot in gym class.
ID	3	Fever of 103. Awesome. My tonsils are so swollen I can't even eat solid food. Still on location  the pictures rule though
ID	4	Bye bye edinburgh  i don't want to leave
ID	4	Kinda pissed really wanted to go see Drag me to Hell with Christina and Garrit, but I have to work till 2am  I'm go... http://znl.me/OSWGH
ID	4	@tommcfly helllllloooooooooooo tom, gig tonight? sorry im not sure when your shows are over there! miss you in the UK  HI HI HI HI HI xx
ID	3	O'Charleys? Pretty good. Especially when its free. Hot waitress? I think so. Back to work? Unfortunately.
ID	2	@jaclynracpan ouch acid reflux hurt too...
ID	4	what the fuck...ahaha i hate my life sometimes. why reply on only bad things  ..even if it wasn't bad and i was kidding but whatever! fml
ID	4	@Freebies4Mom will they have your video available online?  I have been gone all morning and missed it   after waiting so long 4 it
ID	2	ROTC brought a climbing wall to work for coworkers to try and climb if they wanted.  I forgot my climbing shoes at home today.
ID	4	is not running in the Annapolis half marathon this weekend because i failed to meet the registeration deadline &amp; its completely filled
ID	2	I had a nightmare last night *cry* I think I am scarred for life!
ID	4	@loryanyumul i miss you  when are you gonna be down in irvine again?? liz and i were just reminiscing about all our adventures.
ID	4	The most painful sound in the world to me is the crying of someone I love. What's worse is I can't even hold them and say I'm sorry
ID	2	@PushPlayDEREK not all of them  You'll be missing mine and everybody else's on the east coast!!!!!
ID	2	Maybe if I pay somebody they'll take care of me. I need a personal nurse.
ID	2	In other news: I want to register for this Artslam thing but I'm too afraid.  I'll just do it independently I suppose.
ID	4	gonna do laundry....never did laundry @ a hotel before.....I miss you R.....even though you ignore me and don even check on me....
ID	4	@Kathleen_Bee same here : /   Coincidently, my friend just cancelled our movie date
ID	0	Walmart bails on sponsorship!
ID	1	Walmart bails on sponsorship!
ID	2	@modulista You're in Miami right? I don't see a hand delivery in your near future unfortunately
ID	4	just woke up...dont want to go into work at 4
ID	4	Done with geology!! But I'm really missing my favorite sisters! Especially because they can't go to banquet tonight
ID	2	@spencerkat a twitter app for the iphone/iPod touch. It's being slow though
ID	2	Everyone stop what you're doing &amp; help me find my favorite pen. Its a black clicky Papermate. I heart this pen.     #fb
ID	4	I'm so depressed right now. IDK...
ID	0	Just realised i am a very angry person in georgia. Too groggy and uncomfortable and i still haven't driven!
ID	1	Just realised i am a very angry person in georgia. Too groggy and uncomfortable and i still haven't driven!
ID	0	@dougiemcfly me too. shit.
ID	1	@dougiemcfly me too. shit.
ID	4	holy wow, I think I could've slept all day! Soooo tired.
ID	2	@arian_marie i'm so sorry to hear about your loss  my thoughts and prayers are with your family in your time of grief.
ID	2	@AnarchyGarden I was going to go on Sunday, but now I've got too much going on that weekend
ID	2	If recent experience is anything to go by, I fear I might be going off Indian food. This is not good, people. Not good
ID	2	Without wings again
ID	2	@buky thanks, still waiting... i don't know what's taking him so long - is it a bad sign or good sign?
ID	4	@MovieTFan: Well that is just completely lame. I'm sorry dude.
ID	2	@DanSer4Gsus i know. But.
ID	4	@ohcherub  Yeah I know what you mwan.
ID	0	My ear are popping.
ID	1	My ear are popping.
ID	2	YAYAYYAYAYAY Toy Story 3 is coming out. June 18, 2010 though
ID	4	Senior's last day.
ID	2	@stephxrawr ehhh no. just a check up. I have a dentist app next week though. getting my molar pulled/root canal.
ID	4	pics arent working for me here on twitter
ID	4	is sad coz hyd theka's dont have beer
ID	4	I'm so down again.  I wish I could share my problems with someone...
ID	2	that's a whole lot of rainstorm goin' on.  Maybe I won't go out tonight...
ID	2	@repressd yeah freakin sucks!!
ID	3	@IzaArtillero oh, coo; i was suppose to be an intern too!  but dangit, SAT. :| so how's the intern life? haha
ID	3	@Jaggerwerks nooooooooo....u never call me anymore  lol...but, i've been good too...rick ross is in town, might go 2 his show 2nite ;-)
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/676tn - Home Sweet Home... I didn't have a picnic blanket though
ID	3	@dangzombies Yeah I kept rethinking it because noone that I knew would want to go with me lol. So I ended up just didn't buy them.
ID	4	What do u see in her that i dont have  @Shadez
ID	2	Wife &amp; I split duties tonight.Wife headed to OSU for daughter's ath trng rcption. I'm at son #1's school paper banquet.Can't make both.
ID	2	Somebody buy me a plane ticket home!! I miss my girl...
ID	4	Where is the sun!!
ID	2	@greggrunberg I fee your pain its lady Ga Ga and It will drive you insane oh dear God her songs are in my head
ID	2	elliott claims steak and shake has been doing this for months...not exciting anymore...
ID	4	Arghh, just found out @ianknaan is going to be here at Rock the Bells and I can't go
ID	4	Fb I hate when I try &amp; support my local bookstore &amp; they never have what I need
ID	2	@trueblooddallas Dallas, I have a few Questions for you but, can't direct to you cause your not following me
ID	4	have yet to start this paper due tonight. i have no motivation
ID	4	It figures. It starts raining as I am freed from work
ID	2	@AQuietMadness You don't think they will catch them? God yeah can you imagine how they're feeling
ID	2	wish i could go rink sorry kayleigh  xx
ID	4	@supergirlnancy sorry  All the codes I have are posted on our site
ID	4	@ekardmatt well you MY man, you and your truck are 900 too many miles away!!
ID	0	Ugh i have boom boom pow stuck in my head and i hate that song
ID	1	Ugh i have boom boom pow stuck in my head and i hate that song
ID	4	Just found out that Mad Men season 3 is delayed until August.
ID	4	@jonjordan w00t! Glad to hear it! Though I am missing watching it outside the Igloo by a day
ID	2	my pooooor baby (my dog chachi)  she had surgery todayyyyy
ID	4	why i still lose followers?  the people hates me, THE WORLD hates me or maybe ... Read More: http://is.gd/Jg3I
ID	2	- im hungry...but there's no food at mah house.
ID	3	@mileycyrus&quot;i wanna go to prom one day   &quot;i wish U can go with me 2 my prom even though im not a guy.but thatwouldmake1of myFRIENDS happy
ID	2	one hour till I go home and commence pouting because no Bahama trip for me
ID	4	I hate not bringing my ipod to school
ID	3	My Pom pup is favoring her front paw.
ID	2	My best friend is in vegas without me
ID	2	@SassyLassie3 My #followillfriday sucks because while I was teaching people how to be nice, you fuckers were drooling over Notion
ID	2	@Saz_xox  Oh god, everyone's dying.  But it's mainly justin depressing me
ID	3	is excited about tomorrow!!! but i gotta clean the house  CLEAN CLEAN CLEAN AHHHHHHH
ID	2	Heyy, Im Not feeling so good cuz of wat happened yesterday in the car accdentt.
ID	2	@tlockemy I do too, but not heavy rain, which we've had 4 more than a wk.
ID	4	@jaycool2k I do want to go for Peaches... but also Miss Kittin, pendulum, chase&amp;status and the bloody beetroots! its not fair
ID	2	Almost to grandmas now. No internet there. I will never catch up on twitter.
ID	3	Just got my heart ripped out  i love you guys
ID	2	@EeepersChoice I'd rather she not, if she's going to destroy them.
ID	2	quick catch up on missed Neighbours ... poor Libby
ID	2	is sad that she is not seeing Basshunter at Metroplex this weekend
ID	4	Far too sick to sing.  I've got a post nasal drip and a sore throat, just sent my sorry I won't be there email
ID	3	Ok so my sister is going camping I'm so mad because i have to work tomorrow      have fun
ID	3	@JYmuzik Wish I was in ATL!!
ID	2	Aw crap! My iPod has a thin, gray line across the screen! Didn't drop it - I take good care of it. How long before it dies?
ID	4	Just helped save a runaway dog. he didn't want to be my friend, though.
ID	3	@getemgirlfriday aw, I hope you feel better!
ID	2	last night sucked... too many bad dreams about spiders and rogue octupi
ID	3	aahhhh the new pics from new moon are brill. I don't think I can wait 5 months
ID	0	FML not having a car is prohibiting finding a job
ID	1	FML not having a car is prohibiting finding a job
ID	2	I am so bored
ID	4	bad mood now
ID	2	still shoesless  que ardillaaaaaaaaaaaa!
ID	2	Welcome @MarcCall !!! Let me suggest to you @fakejohnpiper and @fakepastormark. You'll love 'em! In other news, my algae fish died today
ID	4	headache headache go away
ID	2	Sucky Sucky homework
ID	0	was so excited to eat the wartermelon i bought the other day and it was terrible and not sweet
ID	1	was so excited to eat the wartermelon i bought the other day and it was terrible and not sweet
ID	2	having bad day
ID	4	@oleg_s Can't test it...my demo license expired yesterday
ID	4	Ugh, still sick. This Calgary cold has lasted forever.
ID	2	Why do I always have a headache?
ID	2	insomniaa.  been trying to sleep for 2 hours . :|
ID	0	Booo totally bored!
ID	1	Booo totally bored!
ID	4	Still stupidly sick...cancelled our Philly trip. Sad day
ID	0	@ZRHERO wont work!  and it keeps disconecting my pod.. :@ I officially hate it now.
ID	1	@ZRHERO wont work!  and it keeps disconecting my pod.. :@ I officially hate it now.
ID	0	@ColetteThomsonx pure twittering my friends  he's a pure nymph or summmit. I'm FANTABULOUS. miss yeees guys.
ID	1	@ColetteThomsonx pure twittering my friends  he's a pure nymph or summmit. I'm FANTABULOUS. miss yeees guys.
ID	2	@DawnRichard at least your luggage came. I came back from Paris and the airlines lost all my luggage...
ID	4	Sorry. Just think - 2.5 hrs till 2 days off!
ID	4	... Still feelin like blah... 3 more hours
ID	2	Trying Resco MobileForms Toolkit and sample. Trial messages ruin everything, the sample has bugs, it's running slow. Poor 1st impression.
ID	4	@velmadaria i'm still thinking about that *FKC* meal I missed yesterday
ID	3	@weatherthastorm hey Jess where is Josh??
ID	2	@lkingratedr oo wow f u lionel ull d.a. do tha
ID	2	@dougiemcfly join the club dougie i have a cold too  x
ID	4	Pouring outside.. Cleaning out my locker.. My bookbag is heavy and my back and arms are killing me
ID	0	@trentvanegas Oh damn. That really sucks
ID	1	@trentvanegas Oh damn. That really sucks
ID	4	bored, everyone has a social life except me, and i'm babysitting my brothers tonight til 10 and i dunno if ill be allowed out after that
ID	4	she's gone   I miss my kay way already
ID	2	Twitter is slowing me down today.
ID	4	feelin lonely now after spendin the last 50 hours with my friends
ID	2	@Gr8ttoess I'm sad you got one hiding it  LMAO
ID	3	One week until Race for the Cure! Please donate if you're able http://bit.ly/UFR1U and wish me luck on my 5 mile training run tomorrow
ID	4	i think i'm gay
ID	3	@sunshineangel89 Yeah..  Of course next time. ;) ICQ?
ID	2	@trashlee i can't today   after my little tanning sesh i got so much shit to do. next week for sure if your down
ID	4	I came home thinking that maybe there was something good to eat. Apparently not.
ID	4	Looking for a special girl  im fed up of bein hurt
ID	0	I hate going to work on nights that I'm in micro.   At least I get to work with @samaasla!
ID	1	I hate going to work on nights that I'm in micro.   At least I get to work with @samaasla!
ID	2	I realized last night that I have no idea where my PnS went to during the move... I hope it's not lost and gone forever
ID	0	I need to lay down. Cramps suck asshole.
ID	1	I need to lay down. Cramps suck asshole.
ID	3	Nice, Portland city commissioners vote a raise for city admin employees, while city police and sheriffs offices are having to cut staff.
ID	2	@icebergmeadow No but this is our poor week
ID	3	It's a nice day and I stuck inside!!
ID	3	@NathanFillion You're going to the UK?! Take me with!
ID	2	gah. how am i supposed to study when all i do is sneeze and get even more tired.
ID	4	@aldenpolicar how sad! are you saying that I'm fat?  *tears*
ID	2	@letter2twilight LMAO! I don't fake being Paris anymore. Look at my bio ;) and by the way I can't log onto your forum...
ID	4	@ the drs. in beverly hills...doctor's scare crap out of me
ID	2	Britains got talent only two episodes left  Will miss them buzzers lol.
ID	2	@stashdrawer Sims 2 owns my life lately! LOL I want to get Sims 3, but my computer can't support it.
ID	2	to start shit or leave shit alone...tough decision
ID	2	Last free Friday.
ID	2	@ericbolling Where's Dani Babb?
ID	2	@ericbolling Where's Dani Babb?
ID	3	woo exams nxt wk
ID	2	I'm SO out of it this morning, that don't know if coffee or energy drink will help me get going this morning
ID	4	@stephmccall ugh I'm more worried about history on wednesday  I'm freaking out about it so much!
ID	2	so im drawing pictures to show how much i miss him. can anyone blame me, hes 4 hours away frm me
ID	2	Its official, I am working Sunday in DC.
ID	3	@LMWoodhead you have a viable excuse, helping @ravenouspanda move and all. Sorry I couldn't help! I wanted to wear my sexy moving outfit
ID	3	I have just looked the time and it is #BGT in 20mins. I may hibernate for an hour or so.
ID	4	Haha i bet a man did make heels! Im sorry you hurt though.  I hope you feel better!  ~Livelovesing~
ID	2	You spelled my name wrong, but message received   http://tinyurl.com/krw9p3
ID	2	@jonasbrothers brazil LOOOOOOOOVES you, i miss you  24th may, the perfect day off
ID	2	Dreading the weekly grocery shopping.
ID	2	no run today...     tomorrow, I'll take Lilly (the lab) and shoot for 7.
ID	3	@spencerpratt hey u havent spoken to ur london bff for a while Whats up! wish i can vote  brody's here soon ill tell him 2 vote 4u from me
ID	2	Just got in a bit of a car accident, poor Patrick
ID	3	grrrr, cant even enjoy this b-e-a-utiful day! have to finish that -damned essay for philosophy
ID	2	@kaecie76 mines ben slow since last night, think i might need to reset it
ID	2	@bethanyNYC SO jealous...see if you can get some Dallas concert tix out of her...it's all sold out!!
ID	3	@tommcfly i miss so much the old animations... i really loved Hercules, from Disney. haha by the way, awesome show yesterday, guys.  Xx
ID	3	@OohLaLisa oh yes some are quite nice! and my 'photoshop' liep zojuist vast. so now I have to start over painting Risngs glove
ID	2	Grizzly Bear Concert tonight!!!!! Can't wait. Will my cold be over by then though?
ID	2	I didn't make madrigals  I don't think i made womens chamber. i don't even think i remembered to mark it on my audition form. im depressed
ID	3	Anybody out there having a beer right now? I hate drinking alone. Mrs T is oot  On the other hand, Mrs T is oot
ID	4	@jflutie u never sent me carrie. ur an asshole. but an asshole that i miss
ID	3	tomorrow He'll gone to new home...I was Born single(our little puppy of basset hound)
ID	2	@RikaReek my vehicle is STILL being worked on which means I won't get it bak until tuesday! I miss my baby
ID	2	yay! got to order more diapers from @clothcouturellc i'm confused though. what's the point of cute prints if they have to be covered up?
ID	0	Damn internet jus cut me off!  was bout 2 shoot sum guys eye out  ~*~KANDI~*~
ID	1	Damn internet jus cut me off!  was bout 2 shoot sum guys eye out  ~*~KANDI~*~
ID	4	I can safely say I won't be a euro winner this week!!
ID	4	@erickaditioner noooooooo  i miss you sooooooo much, gaah
ID	3	My replacement iron ring arrived.  It's shiny.  And a bit more jagged than the original
ID	2	@carostilwell I'm praying for you and your family beav! I'm so sorry for your loss
ID	4	I have no friends
ID	2	urgh, over slept for work, still done no revision and im SO snappy today. having a total fat day too
ID	4	@RebeccaBlack_ I'M SORRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ahahah you and rachel look so much a like.
ID	4	has a headaaaaaaaaaaaache
ID	0	@happyseaurchin It tells me I'm not a member of the private beta  and I'm not going to just start pretending to assassinate people
ID	1	@happyseaurchin It tells me I'm not a member of the private beta  and I'm not going to just start pretending to assassinate people
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/677bi - IVA!!!! i already miss yoo my sweet  xx
ID	4	@karenemcg yeah, that doesn't sound very good
ID	2	Can not afford the DR this year. I just can't pull it off this time.
ID	4	crappy music on the radio
ID	0	So freaking tired. I want my sleep pattern to be normal
ID	1	So freaking tired. I want my sleep pattern to be normal
ID	3	@MysticRose01 awww...on ur way out  Have fun for me toooo!
ID	2	It's about time I let people know whats happenning, although I often wonder why I bother   but hey it'll soon be Christmas........
ID	3	@teejay41...  that was meeeaaannn. people make mistakes ok?! lol
ID	3	The arrival of cargo Red G5 to Toronto has been postponed til tomorrow afternoon.  gonna miss my lil bro's bday...he's been waiting 4 me!
ID	2	Organic chemistry  ah so confusing!
ID	2	I am not feeling well
ID	3	getting my new cellphone on wednesday! the LG Voyager! its soo sweet! i can't wait that long though
ID	2	@DavidGibbons Thanks for the link. I've been out of NY, missed many non-online bills so know how badly my score's been hit
ID	4	@XJakeXChaosX no  their playing in st.pete but its been sold out for months. im trying to go to the orlando one , i live in st.pete lol
ID	3	@riannesketch well, someone told me it's only there for two weeks  i'm going again next week with a friend IN SCHOOL TIME :p ...
ID	4	@musecrossing it's not the 10.5% so much as the A)Sugar and B)Taste ... lord that'll put ya down, and not in the fun way
ID	3	Cubs: Wow! Big out to close the top of the 3rd. Bang-bang play to 1st. &amp; it's starting to rain.
ID	2	@RedFaction The stream is amazing so far. Will it be up for download later, sadly enough, I missed the first hour of it.
ID	2	Thunder &amp; lightning scarededededed me!
ID	4	@MsTeagan Sadly cannot listen...  *sob*
ID	2	@goddessgreeneye i know but it will make us all watch the awards on sunday! lol..i want to shower and there is no water!
ID	2	@sarah6800 why r y depressed?  i mite b moving earlyer than i thot
ID	2	@LIL_MISS_CBW Sorry!  It's been one hell of a day.  I has flooding
ID	4	Im so bored well this is a crappy first day out of school
ID	3	@wishinghearts oh wow! I have to work on Sunday  but I'm off on Monday if you're still in town!
ID	2	Waiting for friends to call or email me bleh i feel unloved
ID	2	is wondering y Mother Nature is making my life miserable
ID	0	Screw you guys and your prom pictures
ID	1	Screw you guys and your prom pictures
ID	3	@OohLaLisa oh yes some are quite nice! and my 'photoshop' liep zojuist vast. so now I have to start over painting Risns glove
ID	2	They raised the prices at work which means people are tipping less. Yay
ID	4	i want to cry
ID	4	@Ashleypeaces left.  so sad. waiting for mom to come home. want to have papa johns for dinner.
ID	3	hanging out at school... last day for seniors
ID	2	@InEveryWordISay no cuz i feel the same way....
ID	3	LOVE getting gifts in the mail from my very wonderful friends back home!! How I miss Myrtle Beach so much... A little homesick today
ID	2	@Secretfriend3 I sure hope so but I might spend all my shopping money today.
ID	2	gosh, watchin cosmetic surgery nightmares on ITV , it is AWFUL
ID	2	@TheTarquin I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
ID	2	PRD take a long time to review!
ID	2	@MItchBenn ooo and good luck for dundee tonight i can't be there cos i have a ton of uni work
ID	2	Playing some games before I leave for work   Work til at least 11PM tonight.
ID	4	im soo bored...im deffo missing my music channels
ID	3	Apparently TV could not be fixed  On the plus side, we are being refunded the cost of it and can buy a new one.
ID	4	@velcr0shoes Great... I'll check it when I get off work...  They block Sims at work...
ID	4	@Ziggy420 my friday feels boring too. no time for fun today and not so much in the mood for it either
ID	4	@wynstonfernando i have to take 1 class in fall  , its cool though.. im okay with that
ID	4	@EMPSFM I had to work and missed it    Shannon could barely contain herself.  She had an amazingly good time
ID	4	Sometimes I wish I had my hair back
ID	0	Stupid jobs, idk what to do.
ID	1	Stupid jobs, idk what to do.
ID	3	So nice how Natalie taught Jameson &quot;why&quot;!!!
ID	2	@jeffieruth OMG, POOR Jack.  That happened to @jisbellemtp 's dog one time. Hope he gets better soon.
ID	2	This is too much lmbo (litterally) I have to stop b4 I lose my twitter buddies
ID	2	researching ecologically friendly carrier bags... its not cheap to be eco friendly
ID	4	@mtmodular Pixies - Number 13 gives me such an energy rush. They are playing a festival close to me in June, but work won't me me go
ID	2	@snakechaarmer yea, it's looking like we may be a no-show  I havnt been able to get out of my art/sci obligations.
ID	2	Cucumbers. Mmm not so much ugh
ID	2	@BenSpark heck, who am I kidding, he's better with a camera than I am, that's for sure! LOL He likes video too but he dropped his vid cam
ID	3	Noooo my favorite coworker just got a new job, he's doing marc jacobs shows now, not fair! I don't want him 2 go!
ID	2	Don't really feel like I got a tan  I gave up and am working out instead. Skin cancer is overrated. &lt;3 CJ
ID	4	@birthdaytwin that's depressing
ID	4	I just want this whole day to hurry up,
ID	0	my new dress looks sort of...horrible   http://twitpic.com/64mdc
ID	1	my new dress looks sort of...horrible   http://twitpic.com/64mdc
ID	4	@AppleCharlotte unfair  I wanna go too.
ID	3	@OGVENOE yeah @Erocc and @x_LilJess_x did only ones that care for me
ID	2	Whew. Finally done editing my Friendster account. Haha! Oh, geez. I'm hungry.
ID	3	if you have 75 cents, U can buy a share of GM stock.  Probably 50 cents tomorrow.
ID	2	walking past the school i went to junior high in as it's being torn down
ID	2	No 1 evr brngs me a starbux!   *~CoRiEoGrApHy~*
ID	3	Off to pick up tj from his last full day of school! Only 3 more half days left
ID	4	@shi819 my gaming thingy. Mine finally died after 5 years. RIP.
ID	3	@DarkGX pffffffffff... it's not a 100% triumph cuz u gone napping  LMAO!!
ID	3	@Don_J i soo dont wanna work tmrw!  ...only on a half day tho so hopefully the sun will stay out for me! Gonna go get showered, tweet l8rs
ID	2	Gettin some fuel, too bad no one is reading this!
ID	2	Think I have sunstroke.
ID	2	my baby's off on his adventure. 14.5 hours in the car up to Lake Ann Mi. I admit it. I cried a little when the truck pulled out...
ID	0	is all alone  sick of doing this assignment! someone do it for me!!!
ID	1	is all alone  sick of doing this assignment! someone do it for me!!!
ID	3	at work, with a swollen face  thank god it's kohls though. I'm feelin fat. flip flops are about to break annnnd I get my hair done tonight
ID	4	@SlamboOutchea This is not my day
ID	2	@xkathyxrocksx  SAimee 26 july, Underage festival 2 August, i found some others but they were too far away
ID	2	Damn, I Burned My legs  !x
ID	4	Yea baby!! Im gonna miss you so much
ID	4	crashing from my WI high...missing mayfield
ID	4	I hate being sick.  Make me soup?
ID	2	wishing I had brought my USB fan to work   air_circulation++
ID	2	@TiaMowry I think you and Tamera should have your own show anyway...the CW or ABC fam is not appreciating you like they should.
ID	2	I'm at home recovering from major liver surgery.  In alot of pain.
ID	2	@iamdiddy I NEED A HUG! IM MOVING HOUSE ALL BY MYSELF AND IM MAJORLY STRESSED
ID	4	So screwed for sat 2 us
ID	2	@edsaint  take some tablets- could be migraine
ID	2	now feels like a dork for using the wrong Ping group
ID	2	@KMC1121 lolz dude I have to stop it got too personal my homegirl my be on twitter  lol
ID	2	@Kasey79 I didnt get his  tweet
ID	2	Sometimes knowledge is not a good thing.    http://digg.com/d1sPp7
ID	4	The sun is not cool
ID	2	@iamthenoface I'm having no luck either  Doing my nut in! Who are you hoping to see?
ID	4	is not feelin well... i feel sooooo weak....i hate bein sick in the summer
ID	2	@ecnmst I'm doing all of Russia today! Because I'm cracking on with Economics tommorow  I'm retaking aswell :/
ID	4	17 hours left of being a teenager.. and ill be sleepin for 8-10 of those hours.. how depressing
ID	3	@jurisdiva its looking like the magic
ID	0	I HATE when my alarm doesn't go off
ID	1	I HATE when my alarm doesn't go off
ID	3	@WerewolfSeth i think my niece got me sickee  lame.
ID	2	@titotheceo hahaha omg i only got 3 hrs of sleep
ID	2	@Anticiplate man, I am really sorry
ID	2	(2/2) everything but finacially we just dont have it
ID	0	just finished playing mahjong. I lost $38 to Mag and Weisheng!
ID	1	just finished playing mahjong. I lost $38 to Mag and Weisheng!
ID	4	so wanted to go to the Basshunter concert tonight.  so so so wanted to.
ID	3	@natashaaaaaa awlll mann  we should meet up this summa or something!
ID	2	has burnt my hand on the cooker, it hurts
ID	2	Every part of my body aches   I'm tryin' so hard not to throw up
ID	2	@SophieeeeLouise How do you vote? I'm on the website but can't find how to vote.
ID	2	@Ross_C I can't find the original on blip.fm and the Ex Models version, not so much...
ID	3	Is happy...Skool just let out..! Today was my last day..! Yippee! R.I.P Jackson Tyler Morris..! Always Loved And Never Forgotten..!
ID	2	@samluminate oh how i wish there were chick a filas by me  i'm definently jealous.
ID	2	@Twisuz  i think my niece got me sickee  lame.
ID	2	-was just told by Dan to NOT say anything anymore...  -now im super sad =(
ID	2	Cloudy today
ID	4	i miss my boo
ID	4	after bragging about kitten cuteness, my cat never came home  i wanna throw up
ID	4	I really wanted that job
ID	4	UGG WANT TO GO TO KAYLEN HOUSE BUT I CANT FINNA BE BORED THIS WEEKEND!!! UUURGG WANNA SPEND DA NITE  AND GO SEE UP AND GO SHOPPING
ID	2	@NickyDiamonds  haha I do, lake show will prob win. But I learned my lesson from my 18-1 pats
ID	3	Eating Which Wich, yumm! Dont think I've had it since the season ended
ID	0	The weather is gross outside. It puts me in a bad mood.
ID	1	The weather is gross outside. It puts me in a bad mood.
ID	2	Cannot tweet. Eyes still dilated from morning eye exam. Am on verge of bifocals, and so is @adravan
ID	2	i need to get my computer fixed
ID	2	@XJakeXChaosX they prob are sold out.    all i wanted was to see them for my bday lol
ID	4	@One_Call awww i wish i could but i have no talking minutes
ID	4	It's a sad day for beer drinking movie goers. The Speakeasy theaters are no more
ID	4	Not in a good mood.  My mama's away with my sis so can't talk to either of them and my boy can't see me this weekend as planned.
ID	2	really really really hopes jordyn will be okay
ID	4	man i fucked up that test  playing cod now . 31 days till the summer !
ID	3	@honorsociety you guys actually rock  why aren't you going to europe with jb?
ID	2	@cathrynbray sorry
ID	4	Is stuck in some long ass traffic on the motorway...I'm not gonna get home until after 10pm  I'm so tired...
ID	2	toooo much outside killen my eyes
ID	2	My poor laptop got a &quot;rogue malware&quot; visitor on it &amp; isn't working properly    BIG Bummer!
ID	3	@dougiemcfly me too. We're cold pals
ID	4	its a beautiful night, im stuck inside feelin ill instead of being a crazzzzzzzy ass party!
ID	2	I think I've never been so tired in my entire life. Gotta go now, I've got some homework to do
ID	2	I have SUCH a headache right now. I really need to get better!
ID	3	Have book in head will write this weekend. (maybe). Hi Ho Hi Ho its off to work I go.
ID	4	@staceyi awww i missed it  twitpic?
ID	4	I am watching &quot;28 Weeks Later.&quot; Not as good at Days.
ID	3	@crystalmarieluv Your Highness...........................crystalmarieDONTluvSpiteAnymore
ID	0	@AmberClare I want too soo bad, I hate missing GUMBO, but I have a shoot tommorrow that I have to be at for 8:30.  So No GUMBO for me....
ID	1	@AmberClare I want too soo bad, I hate missing GUMBO, but I have a shoot tommorrow that I have to be at for 8:30.  So No GUMBO for me....
ID	3	The trip to Stockholm got cancelled  To make it up I'm planning to do some shopping tomorrow, nothing makes a girl as happy like shopping
ID	2	All done. No more internship.
ID	4	@OGVENOE I can't die  I have a lunch date with rocio coming up plus some new shoes UGH!
ID	4	NOT a good day. Sigh
ID	0	MAD AS HELL! SOMEONE STOLE MY PINK &amp; BLACK LEAPORD PRINT PUMPS I WANTED TO WEAR TODAY  BUT TO GOD BE THE GLORY, HE'LL BLESS ME ABUNDANTLY
ID	1	MAD AS HELL! SOMEONE STOLE MY PINK &amp; BLACK LEAPORD PRINT PUMPS I WANTED TO WEAR TODAY  BUT TO GOD BE THE GLORY, HE'LL BLESS ME ABUNDANTLY
ID	3	Digging in to my soul jazz collection in an attempt to cheer myself up. I think it's working a little.
ID	2	yea i'm gonna need to put the blunt down
ID	2	@SPAMponesALL I have to work  but I'll just watch it later.. even though it's not the same.
ID	4	My tummy hurts...
ID	2	Babysitting the little kids! I cant believe the year is over!
ID	0	work is depressing the hell out of me  i want someone to fukin come on holiday with me in august
ID	1	work is depressing the hell out of me  i want someone to fukin come on holiday with me in august
ID	3	@SQLChicken Yep! Tail between legs!
ID	3	@goldi_m except im on site near the airport on Dixon!  i have a lil #starbucks gps in my head hehe
ID	3	@la_maestrada: i agree about tw, me and my cat have been watching full housse, sabrina the teenage witch and sister sister re-runs
ID	4	missin the #ia2009 guys really
ID	2	Bah, tea and toast for me because my stomach is not happy   The tea is yummy though...
ID	4	@chezery and Im just going into work... if we were married, we wud never see each other
ID	2	Well, my aunts dog died. I understand how devastated she is. I'll probably head over there soon for support
ID	2	On the way to the dentist.
ID	4	Gah, I'm jittery and upset for absolutely NO reason...
ID	2	@heatherlilly what's follow Friday?? Lol.
ID	2	@katdrabeck that song is soooooo hot! i want to go but might have to wrk - i think my mgr is pissed - should have worked last night
ID	4	Rest in peace marshall
ID	2	@roxannakate I need to buy it for the iPhone. It's such a good app. Only works on WI-FI though
ID	4	@iaretanja I forgot to put something  on that is very essential to my day.
ID	3	@Katwood30: you get to go home and i have to go to work
ID	4	Writing in yearbooks make me wanna cry
ID	4	Heeder's again and on Monday as well... absolutely no plans for the weekend
ID	3	wanna see JB 3D Movie Experience again   ... I wanna &quot;touch&quot; Joe again hehehe
ID	2	@TCSLive That storm seems to be coming my way
ID	3	@voidspace Thanks man.  That sorted it. I only ever remember 222.222
ID	3	M.I.A?PJ?Beasties?Thievery?Volta?Bat4Lashes?BandOfHorses? I enjoy this line-up: http://bit.ly/16lUgX Too bad it's in San Fran
ID	2	It's so cold out there! I've just lost my wallet
ID	4	@sweet_pea00 darn  i will think of you on our journey so it's like you are really there
ID	2	he keeps makingfun of my typos!
ID	4	@spyou Oh no!  I'm so sorry!    I hope you're back on the bike soon.
ID	4	is locked out for the house! shit, thank god there's internet...
ID	3	@Alexa997 Isnt it only like 3 episodes though? Sad
ID	4	@angelofmusic11 and why can't toy story come out this june
ID	0	So, again, who wants to loan me some money? Anyone? No  Damn Economy   -kicks it-
ID	1	So, again, who wants to loan me some money? Anyone? No  Damn Economy   -kicks it-
ID	3	just realized tonight's Drake
ID	3	@JuicyFruits88 yeah it is I feel sad tho.
ID	4	@tina_beanz damn sorry to hear that tina...
ID	2	@theroomstops Urm, ouch, that sucks. You need crutches?  What happened? I hope you get/feel better soonest!
ID	2	@gulpanag thats pretty bad quality and probably the worst pic u posted till date
ID	2	@Agent_M aww why psn?
ID	4	Assfuck, &quot;I'm sorry&quot; roll. Okay I gave in.  I'm such a sucker.  http://twitpic.com/677xt
ID	4	#thingsmummysaid  You are the result of a broken condom.
ID	3	amazing, my brand new PARI neb broke. go figure. and it's the weekend. looks like i won't be getting another one until next week.  *sigh*
ID	2	@mileycyrus WHAT THAT'S NOT FAIR I CAN'T VOTE IT SAYS THE VOTING IS CLOSED  BUT I DID VOTE EVERYDAY WHEN I COULD VOTE LIKE 20X'S
ID	2	unhappy about the news that the planned (experimental) ITER fusion reactor will become much delayed... 2025
ID	2	That didn't take long.. A fragment of bone did not heal to the major bone, it is now being reabsorbed by my body, may need fix in future
ID	4	@pinksealight oh lucky u!! i need to send mines away to get fixed
ID	2	I am like 20 feet from @aplusk (ashton kutcher)'s movie set &amp; trailers... but he is nowhere in sight!
ID	4	My phone is so stubborn!! You'd think it had my genes or something!!
ID	3	wow my trip to tampa has come to an end...
ID	2	Good morning world! I feel really sick.
ID	2	Umm after schooL , at subway w. My mom ; nothing to do planss are ruined
ID	3	@KnightOnline i think Today its not possible 2 play KOL
ID	2	@courtneyreece I know how you feel. My head is getting stuffier and stuffier, and it is not fun.
ID	2	@misulqa i didnt but was close to it. i'm pretty sure i'll be crying when this school year is over though  we all weill be crying.
ID	4	@thebeckyanne I'm giving my sis a show at my crib Sunday, she's an incredible jewelry designer, but you'll be gone
ID	4	just watched UP in 3d - that movie is so beautiful but so sad at the same time
ID	0	Phone disconnects my internet. Right in the middle of an uber.  Also, first Tweet from inside of Steam.
ID	1	Phone disconnects my internet. Right in the middle of an uber.  Also, first Tweet from inside of Steam.
ID	4	Also, WHERE IS MY TOY STORY 3 TEASER CARMIKE 14? YOU SAID THERE WOULD BE TOY STORY 3!  Movie theater fail
ID	4	Porter is making be a sad panda
ID	4	whopee TGIF   that was more fun when i had a job
ID	3	Get a new one nxt wk!!!
ID	2	@cbarrett just something different than all the text around it.  There's no difference whatsoever
ID	4	i'm at work starving
ID	4	@singpolyma aaaaaaaahhhhhhhh I hate the Internet  When will people learn &quot;native widgets are always best&quot;
ID	2	I totally forgot my phone at home this morning
ID	4	Man it's two o clock 2 more hrs till I have to be at work
ID	4	@ericcanaday is a no show for lunch. Eating solo at noodles
ID	4	@ddlovato DEMI YOU WERE SO PRETTY WITH YOU'RE BANGS AND EVERYTHING .YOU LOOK TOO GROWN UP IN THIS PICTURE  i liked your bangs.
ID	0	Happy 2 b out of school!!!!!!! People just piss me off sometimes
ID	1	Happy 2 b out of school!!!!!!! People just piss me off sometimes
ID	4	Hi, is anybody else having problems with the Karma site? It's not working.
ID	4	I wish I was out of school...But sadly, I still have like another month left.
ID	4	@sophhs cool. I'm tempted too see it again  I feel sorry for JB though because there were hardly any people
ID	2	i have such a hard time talking to new people -  I am pretty sure I didn't make a good impression.....
ID	2	is hungry, twitter.  i want food. &lt;/3
ID	4	@arizonaobvious  that sucks
ID	0	ugh! nothing to do in the valley  Seriously gotta move out of here!!!
ID	1	ugh! nothing to do in the valley  Seriously gotta move out of here!!!
ID	2	@g33kguy @alisonwaring Looks like the nap will have to wait. I'm still waiting on the poor guy
ID	4	happy and sad  may her soul rest in peace
ID	4	I think that mowing the lawn should not be allowed to be done by teenagers. It sucks! Well off to mow.
ID	3	@EricaMcGraw hi!! im glad you had fun at tennis! im about to go see dr dorfman   last visit though!!
ID	2	@hwilliams3782 thanks, it's a job that pays the bills and nothing new except for the 15 sec trailer...I keep looking but nothing else
ID	4	@Xulap Consider yourself lucky.  It hasn't rained here in ages.   It's depressing.
ID	4	I think shopping solves the world's problems. If only I didn't have to leave Atlanta tomorrow
ID	2	Help. My computer has a virus. I had to place my Etsy shop into vacation mode until I can sort this out. I don't know WHAT to do!
ID	4	Had to spend lunch murderin hits
ID	4	@kerlikoiv very familiar.....sorry you're feeling that way
ID	2	3 shots of espresso aaaaand....nothin'.
ID	4	@bigcitysomeone  I wish I could go. See ya at Warped for sure tho!
ID	4	feeling really dizzy  not soo good
ID	2	@tommcfly (2) in commentary @flahmanow , I was with her, was sad, very sad
ID	4	From Portugal to Derbyshire. At least sun is shining but lawn looks like Percy Thrower is Gardner-in-Residence! Weekend jobs =
ID	2	@shawin I've been using the Sennheiser CX 300 earbuds for 8 months and I love them.  Don't know if they're available in MU though.
ID	0	Hating GCSE geography
ID	1	Hating GCSE geography
ID	2	@AmyDeWitt You have arthritis in them?  Really??  Poor you  That would be painful - but you can't be that old.  How many squats did u do
ID	2	@TDRFarmer Are you going to the game tonight? There is so much excitement today that I'm feeling left out. Have other plans
ID	0	ooo my goddddd; vodafone trouble. no network
ID	1	ooo my goddddd; vodafone trouble. no network
ID	0	I started X-Slimmer at eight this morning, it's still going  I hate that it always want's my friggin password.
ID	1	I started X-Slimmer at eight this morning, it's still going  I hate that it always want's my friggin password.
ID	4	the japanese exchange student is the cutest thing i've ever seen. seriously HAHA i want to put her in my pocket&amp;keep her D:
ID	2	At hospital.. Uncle is in surgury after heart attack
ID	3	last real seventh hour
ID	4	@lowestformofwit
ID	2	What was I going to do? i've forgotten.
ID	2	i am having serious problems concentrating on this press release this afternoon...i have sleepy eyes right now
ID	4	Rain finally arriving, drat. Guess this means we'll have to picnic in the living room instead of at WolfTrap tonite.
ID	4	@AgesTheGreat ii DON'T HAVE ANY EiTHER
ID	2	The parking meter computed 25 plus 25 is 40. I got jipped! And the 10 free minute button didn't work.
ID	3	@flahmanow  no te vi onteeeeeeem
ID	2	Dreaming about cuddling your lady and waking up alone isn't fun
ID	2	@ditzynicky my knee is hurting so bad im limping...so we get to suffer through work together
ID	2	i still DON'T have the internet @ home  FUCK
ID	3	@ellyaway I know june 2010...  but its gonna be so good. Im going to se it even if im 20 when it comes out.
ID	2	Anybody have advice on who to use for printing biz cards besides Overnight (bad experience) &amp; PsPrint, each biz card = sep. project =
ID	4	@contentwhore  lure her in with a foot massage!
ID	4	@alltimebritt  why not now you made me sad I thought you'd be jumping for joy
ID	0	Wow seems like a lifetime since I been in here........never change to talktalk! Home phone n broadband not been workin 4 ova a week now
ID	1	Wow seems like a lifetime since I been in here........never change to talktalk! Home phone n broadband not been workin 4 ova a week now
ID	3	So tonights TV viewing, BGT or HIGNFY and Reggie Perrin? Wont be tweeting however as  MiniC has hidden iPod
ID	3	Everyone's talking about the goodies at #BEA09.  I wanna be there.
ID	2	Need to take my laptop to see a specialist... It keeps going off every now and then... thisk it's getting too hot... don't know
ID	3	Im in pain been stood on my feet for 15hrs  nursing is very hard but I love it and how gorgeous is this evening xXx
ID	0	does not like ups much today...
ID	1	does not like ups much today...
ID	2	@kchasesimmons unfortunetly no  I wish, I mean sometimes like twice a yr they'll have a party, but not always
ID	4	Getting my hair done...missing him
ID	4	O dios acaban de tocar The Pains Of Being Pure At Heart en el primavera sound  life is not fair
ID	2	How I wish I wish I did not eat that....burger.
ID	2	I'm at work it's super slow and my baby is far away from me. All around crappy day.
ID	4	someone doesn't feel good...
ID	3	@nick_carter Hey Brian Littrell is there!! He doesnt really like this kinda pages rigth?  kisses! I loev you guys!
ID	2	Tried Nokia's Ovi music store: &quot;Nokia Music does not currently support the Mozilla Firefox (Mac OS X) browser on your operating system&quot;
ID	2	I may have come down with something; we're almost out of tissues!    this is not a good season  http://tinyurl.com/nccqya
ID	4	@wholee Aaron and I are playing a gig at the Life Aquatic party outside of Austin, so I think we'll have to mis the TT Bday party, sadly
ID	4	Aaahhhh poor Chops the pig !!!
ID	2	absolutley gutted i am this ill when a) it's this sunny outside and b) i have shit loads of revision to do for my c) exam on tuesday
ID	2	@JNez I hear that, we've missed so many films due to insufficient fundage: Watchmen, Dark Knight, Star Trek.
ID	2	I hate exam time. I want my life back  Also I want the ability to revise back - if I ever had that ability, that is.
ID	2	@FlowerDust I'm bummed...you're gonna be only 30 minutes from me on Sunday &amp; I can't come hear ya.
ID	2	Is in serious pain.
ID	2	Doesn't want to go to work
ID	4	@Saaaandra I want to go with you !  But I'm tierd....
ID	4	@debby41 Your not alone im gutted i missed the convention too!
ID	2	Laying ALONE!! Since Mook's soo comfy in his f'n play pen. I thought it was ill at first now I don't have no one to cuddle with...
ID	2	@shaydakiss doesnt look good  we have to go burn some lampions
ID	4	Stupid freshmen ruined theatre class.. Now we don't get to play warm-up games for the rest of the school year
ID	4	@LLDA  lo siento but I dint have enough room =/
ID	2	man, its weird, Mom's cooking is giving me so much nutrition but also so much unladylike gas
ID	4	Work, work. Me not that kind o' orc.
ID	3	@cloudconnected I know! D: I finally got my component cables for the PS2 in the other day and instead of playing P3:FES I played OoT.
ID	3	@miqotu Oh no, that doesn't sound good! better get it checked out.
ID	4	@AdotEVANS im having a bad day
ID	0	im trying to put up a pic but it wont work!!!!
ID	1	im trying to put up a pic but it wont work!!!!
ID	4	@MandyyJirouxx  damn was about to call
ID	2	noooooooo...another headache...hopefully not a migraine
ID	2	In French trois, nobody is sitting next to me. I feel a little lonely...
ID	3	more packing, cleaning, and getting shit done. last day in this apartment. this time tomorrow my shit will be in storage
ID	2	Feeling the pain from the accidente.   not feeling too good
ID	4	I got a text from this guy who I don't like, and who has the same name as the guy I do! How disapointing!
ID	2	@shopronson I have placed an order with the HOH people, but they are taking forever to process it!  Cant wait to start selling it. xo
ID	2	@GH_Confidential I tried to use Spinelli to turn him on to GH, but it didn't really work
ID	4	As of tomorrow, both roomies will be gone
ID	2	Omg after all this searching, still can't find what I am looking for.
ID	4	Just changed my car tires, cost me a bomb.
ID	2	i wish i was going to be with my ST girls tomorrow
ID	3	@ebay_andy Got it, thanks! I mean really, how rude.
ID	2	I believe a man died in a car wreck today just right down the road.  It happened at 12 and at 2 he was still in the car.
ID	3	@jerricklim LOL YES! took me awhile to get accustomed to it. now back apple v, a, x, c! btw, apple up &amp; down still is home and end.
ID	4	I wanna see my mama but she hasn't called me back yet  MAMA...MAMA!!!
ID	2	&quot;@tracecyrus&quot;have you the e-mail from Miley ???? I want to write with her but I cant
ID	4	All done cleaning! Taking a break...OMG my back hurts
ID	4	Wanted to take a photo of the storm, but misplaced my camera!
ID	2	just tried a billion times to get through to @MandyyJirouxx on say now
ID	3	just hanging around the house. Thank god its friday. With nina &amp; @missmarissxox later and working on a global project
ID	2	Migranes suck....Especially when the kids are suddenly hyper.
ID	3	@criscilla at work!! Agh I really need to go with you  what days do you go so that I can add it to my schedule!
ID	2	@cupcake_rachel Home alone and my cat isn't even in.
ID	2	@melzygirl you have no interview today?
ID	3	Rain Rain Rain go away come back next week when I'm gone (via @GigglingMarlin) raining lie crazy in the Keys
ID	2	@Juggernautt I broke my ipod
ID	4	Saying good bye to ronald today was difficult and sad well miss yuu!
ID	2	bored, no one is on \line to talk to
ID	3	@drilone no email?   just kidding, it can wait filling out form now... seriously.
ID	2	i want to go to music tonight but i lost my voice.
ID	0	@LimeIce you didnt even send me a nice bid  #twpp
ID	1	@LimeIce you didnt even send me a nice bid  #twpp
ID	4	I've just realised. I won't be able to talk to any of you crazy cats on Sunday. Is sad now.
ID	4	Sitting, wondering, &amp; wishing for a bunch of stuff that will never be
ID	4	@HalestormRocks I wish y'all...unfortunately I won't be able to make it...gotta work my 2nd gig today
ID	3	@rbmartin yeh, i knew wot i meant...kinda!! lol seems to be alot of radio bods on here....i've lost count
ID	2	Sicky sicky  sucks on such a lovely day
ID	2	@PokerAuthority I broke up with Christian Bale when he played Batman
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/678hs - 300 yd drive within feet of the green. 2nd time playing the hole so doesn't count though  #bcit #golf
ID	4	@Alyssa_Milano We had a local pet store get shut down last for something like that....it's horrible, what some animals go through.
ID	2	CREDIT CARDS ARE NO FUN WHEN THEY ARE MAXED OUT!!!!
ID	3	sunniest day in ages and im in bed
ID	2	STUPID!!!! my ipod is taking forever to load.
ID	0	I hate tomtom. City traffic sucks
ID	1	I hate tomtom. City traffic sucks
ID	3	@ikklePickle haha I fail  just remember sohcahtoa xD
ID	3	i wanna see UPPPPPP
ID	3	Finally out of school for today! HAD TO SIT IN LIBRARY FOR A LONG TIME
ID	4	@luuloo  im really sorry i know wallah how u feel this life is shittttttttt
ID	4	lunch in the forrest ... its so baron.  fpu is so dead
ID	4	NO ONE...THALIA AND FAT JOE----WTF IS UP WITH TERRI....IM NOT GETN NE FUNNIES TODAY
ID	2	I bought a Leica M8, charger arrived DOA. Called Leica,  got transferred around and left a VM.  atleast the RF isn't misaligned...
ID	3	@pinkbunny69 aww hope uve hada good day  xxxxx
ID	2	Brad Paisley+Alison Krauss- Whiskey Lullaby...so sad  but its awesome!
ID	4	Yeah, that didn't last long..
ID	4	#fieldnotes I ordered some on the 8th and they still haven't arrived. 3 weeks and still no books
ID	2	grrrr youtube wont let me watch the @Jonasbrothers chat again
ID	2	Just went a bought the bigest redbull i could find. its going to be a long day at the office
ID	0	egh blah and boooooooooooo i dunno wanna go to work  HANGOVERS SUCKKKKKK Im a drunk mess!
ID	1	egh blah and boooooooooooo i dunno wanna go to work  HANGOVERS SUCKKKKKK Im a drunk mess!
ID	3	@TheExplodingBoi White wine reminds me of vinegar
ID	4	@dougiemcfly ME TOO! hehe i hate colds. totaly annoying...
ID	3	Getting oil change. Apparently the mice that have been eating my birdseed in my garage have also been eating my air filter.
ID	4	Work has really sucked the past 2 days &amp; now my 11:00 meeting on Mon got rescheduled to 9 am! That's just plain evil...i need a new job!!
ID	0	The case for my iPod Touch is literally falling apart.  So junk
ID	1	The case for my iPod Touch is literally falling apart.  So junk
ID	4	Sad face moment of the day
ID	2	@goodbyeblueskyy everything okay?
ID	4	Sitting in an almost empty dorm, waiting for jordan to come to take some last things and say good bye. He graduates tomorrow.
ID	2	I got a headache
ID	2	Lookin' at spreadsheets so long my eyes are crossing...
ID	0	is a bit tired. I blame the rain.  http://plurk.com/p/x2jc9
ID	1	is a bit tired. I blame the rain.  http://plurk.com/p/x2jc9
ID	4	@SosiP oooh...I wish I could've gone there today, too!   I know Zach was looking forward to it.
ID	3	is feeling her eyes burned-fried after 10 hours attached to the screen uploading new summer clothing for my store www.Chittypulga.com
ID	2	Only one more day left of Ramona  I will miss the cast soo much!
ID	2	@Philip5150 at the #manics gig.  Toasting your speedy recovery - sorry you can't be here
ID	4	@Zee I can't, #gravity won't let me.
ID	2	Havin a bad weed first wisdom teeth then ran out of weed now I might be getting sick . . . if only i had more weed
ID	2	@platea sorry @platea friends - I'm swamped with deadlines right now and we have family visiting to boot! No charades for me.
ID	4	@suzanella I missed mine, too. Not fun...
ID	4	@rebeccao372 not too bad,but I did get some bad news this afternoon, I got stopped by the police   brake lights out but it's 30 fine
ID	3	@midtown i'll teleport it straight to you
ID	4	Had a relaxing day at the park in the sun. Back to work tomorrow
ID	4	@MichyVasquez oh  just be careful on the road.
ID	2	frustrated. I just found out our sitter isn't avail. tonight. now what? no TKD test 4 me I guess  good thing I'm married to the instructor
ID	3	I've knack my iphone, I got melted chocolate into the speaker, I now can't hear it when it rings
ID	4	My friend's son just got to visit Daddy after 3 yrs. Denied cuz Daddy lost job &amp; could not pay a ton of support. Kids want parents not $!
ID	2	I'm not looking forward to the crazy commute come with everything that's going on down here
ID	2	Just got Dailybooth and not sure what to do. It's confusing!
ID	2	I want to be in love.......
ID	4	@2Mbs: to triste
ID	2	@RyanSmithLLC you didn't say you were leaving yesterday! You won't see me at the house anymore once you get back... tear tear
ID	3	@drew8890. Haha I want another bagel. I have all this blueberry cream cheese left and no more bagel
ID	2	it's friday but i have to work the weekend
ID	3	@yelyahwilliams Haaaayley, i saw some pictures from the tour, you're so pretty *-* i wanted to see u guys again
ID	2	I'm going to have Zydrate Anatomy stuck in my head for the rest of my life. It makes me miss Chelsea. She always liked Graverobber.
ID	3	My Birthday weekend! cant find where my ex hid our DANE COOK TICKETS for tomorrow!!! WTF that's all i wanted for my birthday
ID	2	Graduating from high school tonight  im kind of sad..
ID	4	there's only one more cherry dr. pepper left in the fridge...thank God. im addicted to that stuff but it does sad things to my skin.
ID	4	so im super sick w/ a fever
ID	3	Kinda may have chickened out...
ID	2	Another friend knocked up.   Pretty soon everyone will have kids. Goodbye carefree youth!
ID	3	@LmdLaura im fine. but a bit tired  im glad that its weekend now.
ID	4	@chrisettefan HEY! aww man, no, i didnt IGNORE YOU i just dont have mobile web. so i can only txt.  i can see you unless i'm here &gt;
ID	4	I am so hungry! And there is no food for me to steal
ID	2	@reverz - nice how the lifelock suit was brought by experian basically to reduce processing costs caused by ppl who don't want id theft
ID	2	sick on wifes bday= double
ID	3	@stormey09 You meanie! The one time you go to Lux and I wont be there!
ID	3	Aarg, looks like I have to go home to Vegas this weekend. So much for Maker Faire
ID	4	ughhhhhhhh i don't feel good
ID	2	the suns starting to go in  im getting coldddd!
ID	4	@emzo2k9 miss u m8   we NEED tae have a catch up n that
ID	3	happy that Google Wave is trending.  Can't watch the video for it... certain flash videos are blocked by my company's network.
ID	2	@kkozmic Sorry but there is no parking space. And I just realized I didn't delete one sentence doing copy&amp;paste in that email
ID	2	Ugh! I wanna play dnd but i know i'm going to fail this final. I NEED to study
ID	2	Oh good. I get to be the gooseberry all night now that katy isn't coming
ID	2	Practically my whole body burns... I can't bend over or make any sudden movements with my arms
ID	4	@MegFitzgerald my heart hurts too.
ID	3	@scitadel oh well   Its great to see the canadian math trades getting bigger though.
ID	2	@LisetteRosalie the worst kind of news
ID	3	STOOOOPIT! STOOOPIT GIRL!  That used to be my bro's rendition of &quot;Stop It girl&quot;.    @retrorewind
ID	2	@FrugalGaming i can see the box but when i type and submit nothing happens. ive turned off pop up thingy too
ID	2	around...takin it easy tonight b/c i'm still sick
ID	4	it makes me want to cry when 2 grown men discuss characters on All My Children.
ID	2	SMH @ PPL WHO ONLY TWIT U UP ON FRIDAYS B/C U GOT 100+ FOLLOWERS AND THEY'RE STILL BANKING 15-20  #NOFAKERY
ID	3	@KristenSavage  I knew it! I use to love that show too  Happy weekend to you too!
ID	4	looks like we're rained out for weekend climbing
ID	2	just found out that my husband's grandma fell down the stairs &amp; is at the hospital with several broken bones...praying hard!
ID	3	my laptop my laptop!!!! taking sooooooooooo long to load fdms myspace page
ID	2	New chic just texted me saying &quot;Thanks for the e-mail&quot; but didn't answer to my question, might need to look for newer chic now
ID	2	Is wondering why my messages aren't going anywhere ;( I am trying to learn how to tweet &amp; it isn't turning out so hot
ID	2	is missing training tonight, the lurgy is on my chest
ID	4	excited to see &quot;UP&quot; for Logan's Birthday in 2 weeks. Sad he wont have a party bc he doesn't know any kids, tho.
ID	2	@davilivingston I don't know, I noticed that happens to me sometimes too.
ID	3	@KerryQP Interesting... I never get to Etown, however.
ID	2	@SU2C unfortunately I am stuck at work so I can't get said prize
ID	3	Watching Ellen Love her!! then doing the dishes  and tanning ...it's gorgeous out!
ID	3	Polaroid film today?! I hope so. Green tea = Yum. I got a 8/9 on my appearance for my &quot;job&quot; interview. Too much cleavage?
ID	4	Looking for food at home!.... nothing
ID	4	I don't wanna go to work
ID	4	.... So I always get left out
ID	4	back garden times. my feet hurt
ID	2	@vlynn8 It's been raining the past few days but it was actually sunny today! Well, for a little while. Now it's super cloudy!
ID	4	i used to have an ozzy osbourne pillow. my mom threw it out. i miss that thing.
ID	0	I just ate some burgers from Jack In The Box and im not sure if I want to continue eating burgers
ID	1	I just ate some burgers from Jack In The Box and im not sure if I want to continue eating burgers
ID	4	@shawin That's the problem. The earphones I get here don't last more than 2 months, no matter what brand or price.
ID	2	My pen just blew up in my hand. There's ink everywhere. I am now a walking Rorschach test.
ID	2	@rachelyn082909 i think i ordered a few days after you. Maybe you got something that was on backorder?
ID	4	my phone is dead and my charger is miles away.. @T_S_R  i'll talk to you in august
ID	2	Well, of course the envelope I have for the book I need to mail is too small...if it had fit....what fun would that be.
ID	2	@burdr &quot;Restoration of the site would also take place as part of the Banks proposals&quot; - after the birds have gone? Avocets there this yr
ID	2	@zoe__  that's not good! hope you get better soon and good luck with the exams!
ID	4	@Eujean2 yeah
ID	2	@xtfrtalr what's that supposed to mean?! Thats not good
ID	3	@laurenhobeast As much as I loved Texas, my dislike for needles could interfere.
ID	2	@pete_brown Damnit, I accidentally put @scottgu instead of @realscottgu in my #FollowFriday
ID	2	i used to have an ozzy osbourne pillow with his face on it. my mom threw it out. i miss that thing.
ID	2	@trpilot im feel verey tired  madry chasawy 9j !!!!!!!!!
ID	3	omg a rat... ewwwww. omg i cant wait for tha marra.. so ecxcited. annabel cant go tho
ID	3	eating ice cream and then getting ready for graduation.
ID	4	@sidrajalil1132 why were you even asking others then  you should have been enjoying the sadness of missing it like me.
ID	3	FUCK! summer school in 3 days... some break
ID	2	@ROHonHDNet Why do you guys use camera angles that make it look like there are only 200 people in the building?
ID	2	At the doctor's office, waiting for Dr. Sufka to see me. Tired of being sick  hope everyone else is having better Friday than me.
ID	3	@mileycyrus  they closed the voting...all u can vote for now is best movie  Hope you win it! My 4 y/o Daughter lovesss 2 sing &quot;The Climb&quot;
ID	3	@madlymint And, yes. I &lt;3 mac, if only it weren't so expensive
ID	4	@MicahJosiahD i really am going to miss you
ID	3	Getting ready for a going-away dessert reception for a colleague who's off to grad school.
ID	4	Follow @Mz5thAve cause she really shop there!!! Even though she don't be showin love no more
ID	0	I want to get my braces removed sooo bad!!!!
ID	1	I want to get my braces removed sooo bad!!!!
ID	2	My comp is being slo w
ID	2	@dougiemcfly  stuck from tom i guess...  hope you get well soon.... wishess....
ID	0	I don't want to apply for jobs!!!
ID	1	I don't want to apply for jobs!!!
ID	0	**i hate my hair hiss tee, I feel like I shuld hang out in the ghetto wid dis style
ID	1	**i hate my hair hiss tee, I feel like I shuld hang out in the ghetto wid dis style
ID	4	I don't seem to have any photos of me and my Grandma together for tomorrow. It is heart breaking
ID	2	Ahh its so gloomy out  I'm pretty sure I just heard thunder eeeeeeek.
ID	4	28deg C in here, all this tech in my room does have the major downside of a lot of heat, doesn't help its hot outside 2
ID	2	@Squirrel84 dude there is no sun here.
ID	2	GASP] pulleaase dont hate me if u ask me a question and i dont answer you ... at any given time. i just cant see you! sorry
ID	4	@stereophonics http://twitpic.com/6714p - well done guys! I am gonna miss the tweets!
ID	4	failed inspection. Did you know you can pass wo/oven, but not wo/anti-tip bracket, which is only sold w/oven? This is worse than taxes.
ID	2	@fpudude10 its so sad how dead it is.
ID	3	@descendtorise i cant go on fb. i found out im an alien one morning, and aliens aren't allowed on fb  but YAYY CONGRATSES!! i miss yew tew
ID	4	Battery is going to die!
ID	2	@VRGURUS What you said is as good as day dreaming!  sorry to say that our country is in such a state....
ID	3	Draven's elbow met cement this afternoon  Looks nasty.
ID	3	I just had to look up endometriosis. Oy!
ID	3	I just wanna be better already
ID	4	@daynah it doesn't work with the iPhone yet   I love it for the simplicity but I need to be able to sort tasks on my iPhone to be useful
ID	3	@meeshthebeast me and dee mack talking about your baby!  She's almost all grown up!
ID	2	Whoo, BGT!! I really must multi-task and do my Art work at the same time though, back at College on Monday!!
ID	4	disappointed the didnt win teh glasses.
ID	4	Off to the porn store. I forgot to put Dave in my iPod.  Fail.
ID	4	Well rite i gt a headache
ID	3	This is scary  they hooked me up to 9 wires n it printed sum graph ohhhhhh
ID	3	Just one of those days.... I pray it will get better..
ID	2	@fishhhface CASEY'S GONE?!?! BUT WHY?! So, she piddled a little on the carpet. She's prolly freaked cause it's new. Can we get her back?
ID	3	Dropped off Baby A for her 1st day in the Toddler Room this AM.  She's officially a toddler.  Growing up way too fast
ID	2	Babysitting in the sun and heat. I'm getting lots of freckles
ID	2	@burrrbank ah wait! we can only go if you can get us to and from cos my mom's tires are nonlong distance till she can buy some new ones.
ID	2	@Steve_Sanderson What's with Twatter lately?  Either I can't get on or the replies don't turn up!
ID	4	@srubin sorry to disappoint.
ID	2	@ChrisLAS never tried to FTP to S3, but I use FireFTP (Firefox browser addin) ... no mention of S3 support on their site though.
ID	4	This sars has really got me down.
ID	3	all alone for the weekend!
ID	3	@yargman i havent seen you all week
ID	4	@AgesTheGreat UGH! &amp; DiDNT HiT ME UP? OK  LOL JK. WHAT WERE U DOiN HERE?
ID	4	i want my face to be a somatic drawing of david lanham  or i want a leopard theme his somatic theme..  im so sad..im such a big fan..
ID	3	time to get ready for work
ID	4	I am tired.
ID	2	@sthig, you make baby jeebus cry
ID	2	ughhhh.... sad day.
ID	2	@MIssKatherine Omg granddads bday was epic lol. &amp; no i havent heard anything yet so i dont think
ID	3	@therage comes to you. when is your atl show jljf i swear you will have fun they're so much fun
ID	2	lacey is alright though. quite a few gashes, and she keeps her tail between her legs
ID	2	videos will be frozen until actual views catch up to the published,  artificial, view count - OOFM was already frozen when we got to it
ID	4	I'm wishing I was outside instead of trapped in my office.
ID	3	@amy_p hahaha I wanted to eat that Chicken
ID	4	I shrunk my favourite cardigan.  Hubby said he'd buy me a new one. I practically lived in it and it's gone. I shall say a few words ;)
ID	4	@BonDean Sad thing is that I wanted to work there for years, it was my dream job. Was crushed when I saw how crappy it was. Still bitter
ID	4	Yep, @CAndymanTK9772. Sleep-fail. In another 7-8 hours, it'll be D&amp;D-fail.
ID	2	Aaahhh I'm just so busy. Sorry everyone.
ID	2	@marginatasnaily i missed the sun as was too busy gettin hot and bothered in the shops  will have to make up for it at the weekend! x
ID	3	Watching the Krystle vs. Alexis catfights on Youtube.. I miss Dynasty
ID	2	having a good day at work lots of sales but boss is under foot.   she's a nice person but i dont like the boss bugging me
ID	3	@awaisnaseer Cover the tomm. event baby! Id like a live blogging on it
ID	3	Workout done for today. Now time to get ready for work
ID	2	@LeighanneReena Nice...I'd like to be there...but it's too far...  I'm from Brazil... kisses and have a nice day!!!
ID	3	@filmnerdjamie I've only seen Star Trek twice. Seeing &quot;Up&quot; today but not in 3D since I was outvoted.
ID	4	@angiemartinez me too.  I was in Florida last weekend for the rain.  Came back home to RI, rain.  Terrible
ID	2	Darn all of you! I wish i could watch bgt now, but if i did i wouldn't be able to fast forward through the ads  + dinners very soon..
ID	3	looking forward to seeing the relatives... maybe home from Toronto soon
ID	4	...return my joy cos I'm so  Tired, tired of me Inspire the weary eyed to see the Ire and Irony...
ID	3	@crystalchappell Have a wonderful weekend at home! Good day today (it's Friday!), but no Otalia today (*tear*)  Lots of love to you!
ID	2	need a break...my head hurts
ID	2	@maryvictoria did you get fired?  *hugs*
ID	2	Having serious technical issues in the studio  oh well thank god for the technician
ID	3	TGIF but its so rainy and blah outside!  I need sun   Trying to figure out what to do tonight, I want to go to Prov to the Hookah bar.
ID	2	@johnhayato I love Overnight. And they've worked with me on printing/shipping issues.  sorry it didn't work out for you.
ID	2	My phone does not work in the DONS
ID	2	@0oze you always appear on the, like, 10 minutes a week I'm not here
ID	4	officially misses Quark.  huhuhu! i had no heart hand partner and no one to dance with tonight! come home so... http://plurk.com/p/x2k1z
ID	4	@zwriter Your missing qualifying  I think David Reutimann is leading with a 22.96 ....
ID	2	This day will pass slowly.  All of these days will.  RAWR!!!!  ...
ID	2	there's no point in bein on here if no one else in on
ID	2	@bobbyvoicu Now that sucks...  P?i ?i s? n?eleg c? Jay Leno nu va mai avea o alt? emisiune sau ceva?
ID	4	@OliverPhelps have a good time!! Sadly that means I'm probably gonna have rain
ID	2	@pauljchambers Spending a weekend doing nothing but being domestic ? You said it!
ID	4	&lt;i&gt;Waiting For Natie to come online I miss him
ID	4	UGH... I am soooo drag assing today  but on a brighter note I got my G1 update &amp; it is the biznesssss!
ID	2	Its hott out. I think i shall go swimming. Eh i feel empty had my dermals removed and took out some other piercings.
ID	2	I just finished my 2nd to last box of nerds!!!
ID	2	@nick_carter Wish me happy birthday? my eyes are tearing
ID	2	feels better now that she ate. Doesnt want to be here until 9:30.
ID	3	@RetroRewind Ahh Dave Canada isn't included  That's okay, we still love ya!  Let's get this!
ID	4	havent been on here in ages  sorry twitter.. tweetdeck is broken
ID	3	@retrorewind Dave thanks for playing Happy Birthday from NKOTB. Today is my bday! It is a lonely bday today.
ID	3	@LauraManiscalco  I'll send you the youtube link &lt;3
ID	4	(cont.) Small children are not puppies. And cleche sarcasm is so annoying. Bcreative, but then again, that's too harrd
ID	2	Waiting for Natie to come online I miss him.
ID	2	@prsvr Ok then  ...I was doing fine..now not so much lol
ID	2	@ddlovato hey how is everything going? please reply back. sometimes i think you hate me because you never reply back to me
ID	2	made an appointment for the cat to see the vet in the morning. He seems kind of thin and needs a checkup anyway.
ID	0	Delayed flight  San Diego to Las Vegas. Why do delayed flights feel sooooo damn depressing!
ID	1	Delayed flight  San Diego to Las Vegas. Why do delayed flights feel sooooo damn depressing!
ID	3	@jamiexvx join the club.
ID	2	wearing a pair of trousers that were loose last year, tight this year
ID	2	made my dad kool aid and it taste like shit
ID	3	Yay!! My computer came today. Too bad it's being held hostage at my parents' house until I can pick it up
ID	2	Haven't eaten all day  I need food...
ID	3	@Alexandria_Lee I loveee and missss my annie!!
ID	2	@aeayling my poor baby I think it's allergies! Can I do amything about it bc he's been that way sence monday
ID	2	@cam_reed i feel so bad that happened to you  did the police find the guy that did it? are u gonna get your stuff back?
ID	2	@LostMyHeart Gourmet pizza = BLEH. Pizza is SUPPOSED to be greasy and filthy. You can't eat pizza that's been prepared by a chef.
ID	0	The new resigned cricinfo : http://tinyurl.com/mxlcuvI hate change
ID	1	The new resigned cricinfo : http://tinyurl.com/mxlcuvI hate change
ID	4	no one to go see Tiesto with
ID	3	@acrossthemoat are you kidding me?! that looks incredible!!! Lay out and swim a lot for me, stuck in the cold NYC
ID	2	had plans with people but they cancelled...now what to do?
ID	2	My throat hurts bad.  tonight is going to be fun.
ID	4	Watching Dr. Phil's special on same-sex marriage. It's sad how ignorant some people are
ID	2	been busy at work, now must run before traffic is too bad.
ID	3	if i had one wish it would be for my friend J to not have to work
ID	4	this sucks schools over and there is nothing to do
ID	2	is supposed to go to an Aztex game tonight but is not sure she'll be able to make it
ID	2	@dmbdork had to give him an ultimatum... don't think it's gonna go the way I want, but I had to do it
ID	2	today sucks so far  god please make it bettterrrrr
ID	3	@liz_pimpmcgee sorry about ur hair salon  *hug* me and haydee can do ur hair again haha JK
ID	3	@BeautifulMarcy lol nttn much juss mad that its been raining all day, and to add to that i dnt think u following me..
ID	4	i feel like a fish. im in a big glass car dealership looking out to a world of people walking by having fun in the sun  and im stuck here.
ID	2	My knee is killing me
ID	2	i have nothing to do except right a eassy due on monday D: :[ :{  ]: }:
ID	0	This chair is not comfortable at all
ID	1	This chair is not comfortable at all
ID	3	today was busy.. geez. getting ready then graduation
ID	0	i have become my mothers slave.
ID	1	i have become my mothers slave.
ID	2	...yup..still havent packed
ID	2	ugh, i dont feel like going to work today
ID	2	@LeighanneReena Gosh...who's doing this??? So bad...  Baylee is a blessed child...these people don't know what to do... Kisses
ID	4	I'm at work....bored out of my mind.
ID	2	got an ear infection...man that sh*t hurts!
ID	2	@tommcfly apparently were not as good as the Brazillians tho'
ID	2	homeee! my feet are sore
ID	2	My dog is officially depressed that my brother's dogs are gone. He doesn't want to go outside and when we did, he play half-heartedly.
ID	4	why did i sunbathe today  i look like a lobster, i feel like someones burning me alive!
ID	0	sooooooo NOT happy, wattching disney channel....rubbish rubbish rubbishhhhhh, didnt get my jonas 3d poster  the dude wasnt there but im..
ID	1	sooooooo NOT happy, wattching disney channel....rubbish rubbish rubbishhhhhh, didnt get my jonas 3d poster  the dude wasnt there but im..
ID	4	@eddieishere can only walk on streets as am in london town....no fields
ID	4	no #thedailyshow this week
ID	0	Wating to get my hair cut before prom. It sucks people screaming instead of talking.     Probably going to be wating for another hour  ...
ID	1	Wating to get my hair cut before prom. It sucks people screaming instead of talking.     Probably going to be wating for another hour  ...
ID	2	ugh. i just want things to go back to normal. i miss my best friend
ID	3	saying goodbye to my parents at the airport.  it was great having them around.
ID	2	It rains and it sucks so much because it's the second day in a row
ID	3	Can't sleep rite now because of havin' so much tea!!! 2nite I've just failed the test of my Lpi course   Next week i'll make it better!
ID	4	Why does flickr no longer recognize my e-mail addresses.  I can't log in.
ID	4	OH NO ZOMBIEPIX DON'T FOLLOW ME ANYMORE... NEED SOMEONE TO CHEER ME UP
ID	4	Last day of work. Taking myself off of all these shared googledocs... actually kinda getting to me
ID	0	My day on the computer is about to end. Dang. I hate not being allowed on the computer.
ID	1	My day on the computer is about to end. Dang. I hate not being allowed on the computer.
ID	2	Stupid fucking car service never came - now I only have 30 minutes to make it to the airport. Wish me luck yall...
ID	2	Everytime i have a bruise, @marcuselzey can't stop hitting it on accident.
ID	3	Listening to 'Fountain of youth' by Supastition @imeem http://x.imeem.com/KPEQpG7vUY how ive been feeling about music these days
ID	4	@LiveFreeT  awww that's sad...
ID	2	not having a good day..one bad thing after another
ID	4	@CrypticIrnAngel Sad  nothing.
ID	3	i love the dreambears!.. i want a gay best friend!
ID	4	im very tired,bored and sad.what a great evening!
ID	4	would love to say TGIF but working at 6am tomorrow
ID	3	the scrubs finale was beautiful, just so so perfect. can't believe they're gonna do another season
ID	4	mad traffic
ID	2	okay someplease save me!!! now I am watching ninja warrier and eating an egg roll from last night
ID	4	is working until 11 tonight  http://plurk.com/p/x2kbv
ID	2	Im a bad blogger!! I have not blogged in weeks~ oops!
ID	2	not going out with them. there is another fatty i like and hopefully ill see him in when i'm in cali in 8 days. if hes not upset with me.
ID	3	turning in.  it's been a loooong day.  just got my new US edition Esquire so going to fantasize that I could one day look like Megan Fox.
ID	2	I wanna crawl under my desk and take a nap  nvrmind its dirty =/
ID	3	@XavierMathews not sexy with 2 tubes sticking out of my stomach  but thanks !
ID	3	wants to go to walmart. but won't go alone
ID	2	@aneffie53  thx, I was aware,  2 day festival -multi bands - but GA I can't do any more.  Must wait for a sit down concert
ID	2	@Laura_lou27 i have moved through to edinburgh from glasgow - new flat, no phone line or broadband
ID	0	The new resigned cricinfo : http://tinyurl.com/mxlcuv I hate change
ID	1	The new resigned cricinfo : http://tinyurl.com/mxlcuv I hate change
ID	3	pop, idk how to reply to ur tweet from my phone  lol but yeah my bday is in a few days. soooo excited!
ID	4	But i dont mind the long line when theres a super cutie in front of me. Too bad he's wearing a gay bracelet with a girls name on it
ID	2	@cwardzala Ironically, that thought goes through my head (no pun intended) for *every* headache I have...  Hope it goes away soon.
ID	3	@MarkHeartofBiz Yeah, if I lived on the rez, I'd already be dead.
ID	3	@arian_marie hey girl i'm sorry about your loss. best wishes
ID	3	I'm loving the humidity right now...great for the skin....another love that won't last
ID	2	@corylamb i was going tonight, but you never wrote me back with the info  im sososo sad...
ID	2	Tryin to upload a new pic but this shit says its too big
ID	2	@mileycyrus I'd love to, but i'm all the way in India.
ID	3	@lilmickee what dey do homie? I wish it would stop raining already!! Plus my vacay is almost over
ID	2	Freaking #2 horse crushed my dreams!  Tear.....
ID	4	Loved the sun today. Did not love a black suit and black top plus 6 trains/tubes to get to my meeting and back  Need to shop for summer
ID	4	Dane Cook is at the sports arena tonight. Wish I had tickets
ID	2	my entire body hurts.  shower, hot tea and tv please..
ID	4	What the fuck!? It's only 20:35!!? Oh my GOD! My internal clock really IS fucked up. Nooooo.
ID	0	@theECA i think that violates my noncompete
ID	1	@theECA i think that violates my noncompete
ID	2	@jesslo24 oh no Jess I hope the person is ok
ID	2	Sometimes, twitter makes me feel like an outsider..
ID	2	Sparty's just shut down the McDonel site. Looks like I lose some hours
ID	4	I'm gonna cry    I went bad at my History test ! I really hate History  !
ID	3	@davidjosman, a 74 is not &quot;quite alright&quot;!  on the plus side, I ate cinnamin toast crunch for breakfast, and am now eating strawberries.
ID	0	Not smoking sucks sucks FUCKING SUCKS, I want a cig
ID	1	Not smoking sucks sucks FUCKING SUCKS, I want a cig
ID	4	Beta 5 of 3.0 expired today, back on 2.2.1 until the public release. I miss it already
ID	3	Only two weeks left at my middle school gig.   Full-time work over the summer, but Teaching Credential begins at the end of August!
ID	3	britains got talent lets gooooooooo...and paige sorry k  haa xxxxx
ID	4	So Chicago is pretty much sold out of tshirts now
ID	4	WOW, i AM REALLY MiSSiN THE FAM(iLY) TODAY. BADDD.
ID	3	@hollie__ Thanks. It's SO annoying!
ID	2	@TearBear7   Bummer.  I hope it doesn't continue too long.
ID	4	really am sorry becauseI was looking forward to it.. thought itd be fun  and u wanted to hear it.Iowe u a beer.
ID	4	I miss my Nipissing pitas  Good thing we've got a Euphoria in Barrie, 'cause I would never survive summer without my pitas AND smoothies!!
ID	2	@donthateitskate  please don't
ID	2	i need sweets, drank my cyderrrrrrrrr
ID	0	The new redesigned cricinfo : http://tinyurl.com/mxlcuv I hate change
ID	1	The new redesigned cricinfo : http://tinyurl.com/mxlcuv I hate change
ID	0	EVERYONE VOTE FOR MILEY CYRUS FOR THE MTV MOVIE AWARDS BECAUSE I CAN'T THAT DOE'T WORK AT ME I'M #FRUSTRADED :@
ID	1	EVERYONE VOTE FOR MILEY CYRUS FOR THE MTV MOVIE AWARDS BECAUSE I CAN'T THAT DOE'T WORK AT ME I'M #FRUSTRADED :@
ID	2	so sleepy! boyfriend's leaving for the weekend
ID	2	Looks like no diamond ball for me
ID	2	@chilkotardis I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
ID	2	Picked up Luna from the vet. She looks like she's been crying  I'm not kidding. Her lashes are wet and she has tear trails. My poor bebe!
ID	3	I Wanna be @ JET in the Mirage...     Couldn't get to Hawaii either   *****Someday***** Much Love To THE_WOCKEEZ and SuperCr3w
ID	3	@jUjUbEAN0273 lol yea im thinkin bday bash ! but everybodys lame wants to sit in the house instead of qo wit me  lol
ID	4	omg! taylor and selena broke up  sooo sad, aw i think i actually like selena now. poor gal.
ID	0	being surrounded by student houses having barbecues and playing shit music is hardly conducive to a good job-applying frame of mind
ID	1	being surrounded by student houses having barbecues and playing shit music is hardly conducive to a good job-applying frame of mind
ID	2	Took me 2 times to get over the wall. What killed me was the 150 lb dummy that you can't drag. 12  seconds over.
ID	4	friend got mugged this morning
ID	2	@SherriEShepherd Wish you were doing one in San Francisco!
ID	2	@mattiej Sorry ur so swamped w/ work!!  TGIF!!! Glad #Pens play Sat &amp; Sunday!!
ID	0	Headed to Parking Facilities to turn in permit renewal. Not being across from the breakroom means I check snailmail once a month.
ID	1	Headed to Parking Facilities to turn in permit renewal. Not being across from the breakroom means I check snailmail once a month.
ID	0	@Esme_Cullen8 i hate the rain *laughs*. thanks *smiles* i miss her loads i couldnt stop crying before
ID	1	@Esme_Cullen8 i hate the rain *laughs*. thanks *smiles* i miss her loads i couldnt stop crying before
ID	4	family comes. probably won't be on this weekend
ID	2	@mileycyrus EVERYONE VOTE FOR MILEY CYRUS FOR THE MTV MOVIE AWARDS BECAUSE I CAN'T THAT DOESN'T WORK AT ME I'M #FRUSTRADED :@
ID	4	@billiemcfly she said no not to nite  x
ID	3	And it stopped raining.  Fuckingtastic! )
ID	3	yay doctors  now interview then back 2 the doctor's for blood work
ID	2	Can feel a headache growing.
ID	2	@Handroll That didn't work, unfortunately.
ID	2	Surgery.
ID	2	@PhillyD http://twitpic.com/679tn ...Dude.....how could you?
ID	3	last weekday of doing nothing, school starts next week!!!
ID	0	@juicy2009 &amp; I got too much work to do
ID	1	@juicy2009 &amp; I got too much work to do
ID	4	House Hunting was a PAIN! House Shifting is a SUPER PAIN!! Packing never seems to end  I can't even Imagine Unpacking :-P
ID	2	Back at homes hmm.. i rly am going to miss my boo for 2 days like wtf
ID	4	Another Friday night in. Man being skint is rubbish.
ID	2	Hmm, $25 to see the Decemberists, but I have to go to Raleigh on a work night... or $95 for cheap seats to the Bolshoi? Probably neither
ID	4	@realdawnsummers haha, because I'm at &quot;work&quot; and can't read anything
ID	3	not going out with them! there is another guy i like and hopefully ill see fatty when i'm in cali in 8 days. if hes not upset with me.
ID	3	@stereophonics http://twitpic.com/6714p - I feel really emotional  Its been great seeing your pics and keeping up with you.  Gonna m ...
ID	2	Yes we had four gas leaks in our house in the 3 yrs we lived here- that's what u get for buyin an old house
ID	2	@savvybride  That's no good. I'm sorry
ID	2	not certain if it's good to be back home or not.  dropping of car rental now though
ID	2	yes! its finally friday, and im stuck doing projects
ID	4	God, I'll miss my bf so fuckin' much!  It's only 2 months now *snff*
ID	3	@Dez705 awww Mary I wish I could come but I'm going away 2morrow
ID	4	I knew Listening to Miley cyrus In The morning was a bad idea!
ID	4	omg maddie in holby is dead. Gutted. loved Nadine lewington and really wanted Maddie and Clifford to get together
ID	4	@zacofficial  i don't have twitter on my phone, it's sad
ID	0	ummm. no it didnt work so i guess im stuck with this uglyonee
ID	1	ummm. no it didnt work so i guess im stuck with this uglyonee
ID	4	Awww my daddy! Got in a car accident! Pray for him! He's shook'n up a lil!
ID	4	Just found out one of my coworkers that I actually like is leaving.
ID	3	@crystalchappell Jealous.. stuck here with Ohio sun  Safe travels...
ID	2	i REALLY hope my parents don't make me stay home for being sick
ID	3	Re-pinging @NUNU_B: Is it pathetic that I .... Or am I just pathetic ?   naw you a cutie
ID	2	@xShefSx omg my ID aint come back yet  im sooo worried it best be bk by next week or il screamm!!! lmao and yeah u choose! its ur bday x
ID	3	Have to leave twitter alone for the night..last night in Barcelona   back to Philly tomorrow. Hope u all have a great Friday! Muahh!!
ID	2	@CocaBeenSlinky sorry  LOL
ID	4	i wish i was outside  thats the only thing thats gonna kill me about work all day, everyday during the summer.
ID	4	it was actually so hot today ..the sun has got his hat on . every one has got a tan except me
ID	2	Ugh.. apparantly doc authorized my refills on tuesday (and ready to be picked up), but the order status online still says waiting review.
ID	4	@Avas_Writer aww no which one?
ID	4	@mileycyrus sorryyy milerz that i can't vote i would love to vote but it doesn't works i'm sad  and very frustraded  :@ :@ --__--
ID	0	@lizacosta Agreed...this time of the year we should change the motto to &quot;The Soggy State&quot;...my backyard looks like a swimming pool
ID	1	@lizacosta Agreed...this time of the year we should change the motto to &quot;The Soggy State&quot;...my backyard looks like a swimming pool
ID	2	Is sad when people's phones are dead
ID	2	On my way to LA. Running a little bit late
ID	2	@RetroRewind That is the 3rd NKOTB contest that Canadians can't enter   The overseas fans have theirs now!  It's bound to be our turn!
ID	4	I wont be taking my test until 06/27/09
ID	3	got an email from my auntie bout fathers day... mothers day w/seven moms but fathers day will consist of 2 dads    #realitycheck
ID	2	i keep reading contracts as cataracts... Someone should bring me panera
ID	4	@glennbeck My husband is loosing his GOVERMENT job due to downsizing-he is looking for a new job but can't find one in our small town
ID	2	@JinBeautiful so i'm screwed
ID	2	@iamdiddy  I love you and Day 26 but that video was questionable... can't say that I liked it
ID	2	SCHOOL IS FINALLY OVER NO MORE TEST OR WORK YES!!!!!!! But im gunna miss alot of ppl
ID	3	NOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Amanda's cut her hair!  I LOVED her hair !
ID	2	@ORANGESTOAPPLES Well, don't point and laugh if I mess up or die of nervousness.
ID	2	after a great day at work with the kids, disappointment with my roof decal
ID	2	@anotorias lol what bothers me is that i'm messing with my metabolism   drinking lots of water pretending its different food, Mmmm grapes!
ID	4	@sky14kemea Yea, us 3 and Max @jenrolton Poor Trivun
ID	4	Gonna miss my gurl while shes on her honeymoon
ID	3	it's friday! trying to find something to do
ID	4	Have somebody installed vCenter Server 4 on Windows 2008 x64 w SP2?  SP2 is not in the compability matrix
ID	2	I don't feel so good after eating all that food  ugh.
ID	4	So hyped about E3. I wish I could go...
ID	2	@Jen_Walker21 sadly no, I'll be going to the killumbus show. I really want to but no one wants to drive me there
ID	2	@Thorney88 i have tried Bulmers Pear Cider - Yuk and it made me bad for a few days!!
ID	3	@Dougiemcfly  ive got a cold too... It sucks  and u were awesome in ipswitch xD
ID	2	@rawritsria just got a text by now the one on michigan is empty, dont know about state street yet
ID	4	ouuuuuuuuuchhhhhhhh, still hurting from the Barca spanking
ID	4	@latinamarie She's the ruddy manageress - 2nd bad job from her. I can never find a good place beyond 1 or 2 cuts
ID	2	http://bit.ly/UnRyF  I want this, but...
ID	4	@BoHeMyth: Very interested. However, low carbs for the next month means no beer for me
ID	3	Just got my paycheck... April bonus can b deposited 2day the rest, gotta wait til Mon.
ID	2	hasn't had time to go on twitter since working full time!
ID	4	fun times. just broke my usb stick.. like literally broke it..
ID	3	Had a nice visit last night from a boy with voracious stubble, does anyone know what to do about a raw chin? haha
ID	3	Waiting for my momma so i can go to Chase and see what the hell they doin with my money. i miss WAMU
ID	3	@BookLoveHer I was really disappointed with the whole &quot;promiscuous girl&quot; thing. congrats on her success but i think wasted talent
ID	2	@ilyChrisBreezy lol awww lol i will i can't do it now lol cauz i have to work  but i will make one and tell you love you 2 oxoxoteambreezy
ID	4	i neeeeed plans. no one can hang out tomorrow. booo.
ID	3	@MrsKerryKatona glad 2hear it kerry!!! didnt know u were on gmtv this morning &amp; i missed it!
ID	2	oh no noisy family who live next door are back from holiday  there goes my peace and quiet
ID	2	OMG  I BROKE DOWN AND HAD PIZZA BECAUSE I WAS STRESSED OUT  @Thefatboys @theunclelouie @princemarkiedee you mad at me?
ID	2	@dabusStop thats terrible  I enjoy being with you every minute!
ID	4	god... im suffering greatly... having no hair + sitting in blazing sunshine = v v bad sunburn
ID	4	haha aww ok now back to bionomial expansion  ugh! joy
ID	2	@MandyyJirouxx: I live in germany, it costs a lot too!  I wish you could follow me anyway..
ID	4	@Jennifalconer would like to swap...i'm sitting with 3 grumpies
ID	2	@amandalaur i know right, that's so weak  but the g1 seems most like the sk i think. latonya is lamesauce, just call her that from now on
ID	2	@iViva I have trouble updating!!!
ID	4	@Kellz95 is making cupcakes and says i can't have any  kelli, you're a bad sister.
ID	2	@crystalchappell &quot;we'll do lunch&quot;  uhh...indoors though we are having a thunderstorm rolling in
ID	2	I wish I could get my nails done  stupid job
ID	4	Nice days like this make me miss Alki
ID	4	@Kenzonian Yes I do! And I'm still almost at my Gmail storage ceiling! ARGH! I am being FORCED to delete stuff.... or buy more space.
ID	2	just threw up
ID	2	Twitter has spoiled all the fun. Frustratingly slow!!  couldnt even bid properly!
ID	4	mom just woke me u[p and i am so mad i was dreaming about  shoes  she whants me to go to the river it is so stupid
ID	4	@brran1 Hey you! Did you ever pre-order your Sims 3? I'm so sad Im too poor to get it right now
ID	2	Working.  I can't wait till 4:30. Funeral on monday.
ID	0	I just told the people that matters the most to me to just leave me alone... I fucked up again.
ID	1	I just told the people that matters the most to me to just leave me alone... I fucked up again.
ID	4	I hate car places  &lt;Jx&gt;
ID	2	needed my semi-gay best friend to go shoe shopping with me tonight. Alas he is nowhere to be found.
ID	3	@Harley_Dude @helloo_kitty @morninglory well aren't you just absolutely special. Haha special ed. I think I've received no new followers
ID	2	Had a little fight with My Best Friend   What should I Do?!?
ID	2	I have softball
ID	4	@Just_Cal Work or...(hehe mind in the gutter)! I'm sittin here doin this student loan thing.
ID	2	ugh, not sure i have the patience or remaining intelligence at this point in the day (week?) to refactor and rewrite this package of code
ID	2	@officialjman thanks for wishing me luck a couple of weeks ago on getting into a higher choir, but i didn't make it
ID	2	I seriously need to find out why my laptop sometimes gets so hot. BBL after errands &amp; pricing &quot;comp fixes&quot;. Not many places left 4 that.
ID	2	When someone edit your designs is called plagiarism right??, but what can you do??, I'm tired, exhausted and dissapointed
ID	3	now it's weekend! It's so great!  I saw the rest of Twilight tonight, and i also have read fininsh  Break for know.. Could I do that?
ID	0	i got locked out my carrrr  had to call a lock smith. - $35.00
ID	1	i got locked out my carrrr  had to call a lock smith. - $35.00
ID	2	@roflcopterfail except the fact that it's been raining since Wednesday, and not supposed to stop till Monday. ew.
ID	3	@KTVL I gave up following @KimSherrell - She seems really nice but clutters the hell out of my feed.  It got annoying.
ID	0	@FreyaLynn damn, for reals? wtf
ID	1	@FreyaLynn damn, for reals? wtf
ID	4	So disapointed,good Evans,  they sound really bad, so out of tune  #britainsgottalent
ID	4	@tmg25 i tried to help
ID	0	Bubbletweet hates me
ID	1	Bubbletweet hates me
ID	4	soo sick. i hate my life
ID	2	@TerriZSoloCEO and here I didn't think you had a cruel bone in your body ... torturing me with sunshine...hmph
ID	4	@omgamandanicole i dedicated that song to my VW when i sold it
ID	3	@richardepryor You missed me!  lol
ID	4	Well - looks like Hurdle is out.
ID	2	@MissLaura317 Aww internet  But yeah .. he did say he wanted applause after every take he did. Careful what you ask for lol. AHH *twitch*
ID	4	unopened pack of goat cheese starin me in the face. starving, din not til 6
ID	3	@rockinbobyn That movie looks VERY cute, and funny. I never get to go to the movies.
ID	2	Hate fighting
ID	4	Editing video in the van. I'm a little hungry and depressed that I didn't see Up yet.
ID	3	@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/5ut6j - aww  he must be an amazing brother!
ID	2	@DutchRaymond gay marriage isn't legal everywhere here.
ID	2	@pokeyp I saw that you were calling but cannot answer as I'm in the second hour of a phone convo with my mom and she won't stop talking
ID	3	@soapylove Congrats on the Invisalign! I need to get refitted for mine - I got lazy and stopped wearing them.
ID	3	About to go on 6 hour journey home
ID	4	Friday Night and working
ID	2	@darkmindedsith Damn it. I can't film it. Nevermind
ID	4	@nkeathley tried to join the chat but the site would not let me sign in
ID	3	@hihihammy yeah. because i'll have to go tomorrow morning and get picked up early sunday, so i see no reason to go the whole weekend
ID	2	getting sick  cough. cough.
ID	0	#BGT  Piers shouldn't have buzzed when the little girls were singing
ID	1	#BGT  Piers shouldn't have buzzed when the little girls were singing
ID	4	Just lost Internet.  And I was in a raid for 25 OS.
ID	2	Whew! I literally shopped till I dropped....and sprained my ankle.  Ugh...do you see the sacrifices I make for you??
ID	2	Im @ the dentist  ....scary people here...
ID	2	@Ms_AliceV No  None in the house and I'm not sure i should drive to the coffee stand. It's worse than I thought it would be.
ID	2	@LisaTalkingTots So sorry to hear your terrible news   Thinking of you all x
ID	4	Comp. Mental Health wouldn't take me. Samuel Rogers center in the city gave me appt. On June 8th. I have 2 days worth of pills left  &lt; ...
ID	0	in a bad mood now  annoying when its sunny
ID	1	in a bad mood now  annoying when its sunny
ID	2	NO MORE MSHS!!!!!!!! Gotta go to work...too tired
ID	4	@KiwiiKink was it for the vma's? i guess so.. also wanna go to london in june for demi lovato concert, but no one's going with me
ID	2	@saydiemason Well i don't what we should do
ID	2	Ok. Over exagerrated. Twitter is not to bad.... I guess.
ID	4	is having a profitable day!  Looking forward to Sunday...gonna be a great day -- sad, too, because it's the 5th graders last day!
ID	4	@Kelly_StrayCat I sorry!!  Me no like when people I like don't feel well. Your tummy?
ID	2	Is Watching Britains Got Talent, &amp; Is biting her nails. Please don't come off black nail varnish
ID	4	still freakin out about missing the game!!!  #jonasnewsongs
ID	4	Mower shopping
ID	3	@jennifalconer thought it was rubbish  twins are cute tho!
ID	2	@jerricklim Well, perhaps that's because I don't find my life fabulous
ID	4	I sometimes feel like the only person in the world without an iphone
ID	0	@carolinejjordan are you on about BGT im not watching it tonight i cba  my mates where on it on tuesday  xx
ID	1	@carolinejjordan are you on about BGT im not watching it tonight i cba  my mates where on it on tuesday  xx
ID	4	I burnt my arm.  (just thought you should know)
ID	4	twitter is trippin right now with my pic
ID	0	@SavingAmalthea that sucks
ID	1	@SavingAmalthea that sucks
ID	3	as of this point I am done. I am not going to waste my time re downloading all my music. I lost 5k songs
ID	3	@rachelgirl5 I can't go to the grocery store on an empty stomach. That's trouble! I wanna see ur show but not sure ill get to  let u kno
ID	2	i can't find my woody and buzz toys  but i've got my bullseye teddy! @tommcfly do you have toy story toys? 8-)
ID	3	@OfficialMelB Happy Birthday Mel. We miss you in the UK
ID	2	I'm stuffed n can't move
ID	2	hates broken promises.  http://plurk.com/p/x2l3e
ID	2	@smdarie Ahhh I miss you!! I had DQ the other night without you...it broke my heart a bit
ID	2	Kam just called.  She, Emmy &amp; Laloo went to the Barn.  On their way back now and Keltin is in atomic meltdown mode.  That's a LONG drive
ID	3	wishes she was in Boston for DMB
ID	3	is reminiscing about this time last yr when she was @ the BH2 listening to some awesome music! Shame it can't be repeated
ID	2	I feel bad for John and Kate. And the 8.
ID	4	@JeremyBeguhn have fun without meee.  i'm going to missss youu
ID	0	@mmsanwar I hate how I won't see you ever again and especially next week because I won't have anyone to go yum cha with
ID	1	@mmsanwar I hate how I won't see you ever again and especially next week because I won't have anyone to go yum cha with
ID	2	@BingTheCherry he's on zul'jin (i think that's how you spell it) so i doubt they'll ever meet
ID	3	everyone vote for @mileycyrus for the mtv movie awards coz my comp is mashed up and wont let me vote!  i will somehow!!!!!!
ID	4	My Blackberry's got a fatty (battery)  guess we're kinda in the same boat huh @laurensanchez ?
ID	4	Gotta work.  Lonely weekend ahead.
ID	3	@kinahboo imma miss dem KObe nd Bron commrcials wen cleveland get knocked out doe  they wer funny
ID	2	I don't want to go to the 3-hour lecture
ID	4	@LiveFreeT because your mean to me and it makes me sad!
ID	2	Auto uit de running... One down, one yet to build
ID	3	@stephanie_hall no  i was gutted when he wasn't. lmao. i think i'm obsessed with him, bahaha.
ID	3	@iFelixGonzalez really?!?! It looks like its going to rain here but its all just gray.... La is a bummer sumtimes
ID	4	i didnt get paid this week  roll on tuesday
ID	2	Hours of refusal upon realisation that tomorrow's #Morrissey gig at Brixton is postponed.   Only been looking fwd to that for 6 monthsish
ID	4	@eprussakov oh unfortunately not
ID	3	@markhoppus Is there going to be a New-Brunswick, Canada Drive? lol I live far far away
ID	2	after mad calls..txt..fb msgs my homie finally calls me back I was so worried..I think I care far 2 much..but if anything happened 2 them
ID	2	Frak. I like sunshine, but I do NOT like heat headaches  shame, because today was lovely otherwise.
ID	2	When it rains it pours. Life sucks
ID	4	@iheartreading hey sorry i just got the tweet about the puppy... and someone already got it
ID	3	is dreaming of the weekend... awake!
ID	3	Graduation tonight  I'm gonna miss my boys...Mikey, Dustin, Miles, Charlie, Travy, Nicky, John, Jake, all my boys...I love you guys
ID	3	Ahh... I love Chinese music. Haha.  Not gonna see my luff til Thursday...
ID	2	I don't know what im doing :S
ID	3	About to clean my room
ID	2	is wondering what happened to all those froggies at the potato farm!
ID	0	@ coming to work w/ a rag on your head.
ID	1	@ coming to work w/ a rag on your head.
ID	3	Slowly getting ready for work
ID	2	man iCant send love on Bebo. Cuz im on Skoo Comps. UGH! thiss sucks.
ID	2	@DionneSouth but they weren't that good  I see the cuteness factor getting them through though. #bgt
ID	2	@danger_skies  cus it all got too much attention in the end, shes embarrased and i think it just got outta hand a bit poor girl  xX
ID	4	I'm dreading hearing even worse news tonight
ID	4	SEe waT I Mean bOuT FoLL0w fRiiDaYs... It'S cALLed LoSe f0LloWeRs FridAy... smH
ID	2	Hey, @jonaknt I'll be in sa then  maybe if we cross highways we can grab lunch?
ID	2	But ... but ... who will produce the next Starsailor record?
ID	3	grrh  wii remote dead.. no multiplayer here tonight
ID	2	@tdwnds1 No problem. At least look on the floor. We won't see the banana skin in our brains ... I step on it once, almost got killed
ID	2	I have when my plans are messed up. Now i'm stuck at home
ID	3	@Alitaluna Hey workaholic! =P lol...jus wanted to say hiiii....i always tell ash to invite u over but she says ur always working lol
ID	4	In Seattle Washington....im SOOOOO hungry&amp;i miss alaska
ID	4	@ottosdaughter sorry to hear that
ID	2	@tommcfly tweet me, have a convo i will tell you whats happening in BGT!did you watch the final of lost? i was like noo dont end it there
ID	2	My baby is no longer a Kindergartener...   Today was her last day.
ID	4	FJGKFLD;'Sdh WHY AM I NOT AT HOMETOWN DAYS WITH MY FRIENDS.
ID	0	@Fletcherrrr awk thats shit  why isn't she coming?
ID	1	@Fletcherrrr awk thats shit  why isn't she coming?
ID	4	@ZeenaBoBeena im sorry. I fail.
ID	2	Doh! I was hoping to get a book for the missus but exclusive books are closed
ID	2	-- I won't feel guilty and like I should be revising stuff after today, haha
ID	2	@mandyyjirouxx don't forget to follow emma from london = @teamcyrus like you said you would! I wish you aswered my calls  it cost me 14
ID	3	gosh today sucks! i didnt get my tax returns! im so upset cuz now i have to miss my best friends wedding in washington...lame
ID	2	car broken probably for good
ID	2	Doctor's appointment at 4:30 because my blood pressure is high. Really?! Already?!
ID	3	Nice seeing my partner in crime/gossip drama queen partner again. I missed my Manda!
ID	3	Boooo my 2nd wkend bein 21 n ima b in tha house alone
ID	4	@MandyyJirouxx MANDY!!!  IT WON'T LET ME VOTE  I WANT HER TO WIN BUT I CAN'T HELP, I AM GONNA JUMP OFF A BRIDGE (KIDDING) BUT THIS SUX
ID	2	@miabatsoy awww...i hope you'd be well na sis....it's so disgusting to be sick  better take the rest that you need...charge up...mwah!
ID	2	Oh..Summer begins..yay..  The fighting, Crying and stress has started with the kids..It's only been 3 hrs since they got out.
ID	2	@tommcfly maybe you could go outside to meet some fans?  im not even from sao paulo, im from rio, but.. idk, just saying :/
ID	2	fire and rain by james taylor fits the style i need for my SA audition perfectly, but i can't find a karaoke track in a high enough key
ID	3	@Rachael_Hodges Yup. Their loss.
ID	0	@marcosrivera08 I am very angry at this information Marcos!!!!!!
ID	1	@marcosrivera08 I am very angry at this information Marcos!!!!!!
ID	2	@bridgers i have one too
ID	4	@CASHRIC I MISS U CEDDY
ID	3	Yay almost home i had to go walking today .....
ID	2	I need to get my act together. At the mall again instead of studying
ID	2	I want some cookies.
ID	4	So bored..need friends
ID	2	@penflare  tell me about it
ID	3	One is not supposed to have a headache on a Friday. That's just not right.
ID	2	my girlies @VeeVeeBOMBSHELL &amp; @ReeseCromwell r leavin me today  Vanessa, I'll c u when u'r black *I mean back and Reese, I'll c u Sunday
ID	2	@MommaSalty Aw, sorry about your cat   No worries about the blankets, I was just wondering, I'm in no rush, take your time!
ID	4	Its raning!!! -_- really bad
ID	4	Of course it rains five minutes after i finish watering the flowers. It took me half an hour to water all of them too.
ID	4	Hummmmm..... ohh  i miss you so much!!! realy, but i hope you have a nice friends, like us :]
ID	2	Yum chocolate sorbet! She barely even shared  http://twitpic.com/67azl
ID	3	Trying to sell my GM stock
ID	4	ugh, i was so hungry i scarfed my lunch before i even thought to take a pic.   #feastfriday
ID	3	i so wish i could get pregnant!!
ID	0	@doudoubebe There are 3 other Drs. in the office and only mine does this  It drives me nuts, especially when it is an appt. for my kids.
ID	1	@doudoubebe There are 3 other Drs. in the office and only mine does this  It drives me nuts, especially when it is an appt. for my kids.
ID	2	@stephenfry Tinkered with open-source Virtualbox &amp;Win7 yet? Would've loved to have seen you @ Hay. Always unfortunate timing for students
ID	2	Last Tonight Show with Jay Leno Tonight!
ID	4	No show tonight  No plans. Ughhhh.
ID	4	Off to take a math quiz...on a friday....booo
ID	4	@Noufah aaaah I swear I took it by mistake  it was somehow attached with the charger -_- apparently it needed break from U huh!
ID	2	ahhh i think my legs are burnt  they hurt
ID	0	Ugh, i hate waiting in airports. I couldn't find a seat near an outlet either.
ID	1	Ugh, i hate waiting in airports. I couldn't find a seat near an outlet either.
ID	3	nice hair and nowhere to go
ID	2	I think I messed up my back, its been like this all day
ID	2	I missed the @retrorewind announcement   Something about being flow out for a concert? Can anyone fill me in?
ID	4	@ThatKadyGirl every day of my life lately.    i feel ya girl &lt;3
ID	3	Feel so depressed that I couldn't save it... Thanks for nothing!
ID	2	Phew long day and i havent gotten to work yet
ID	4	i want to see my bud mel  miss hur loads
ID	2	@tommcfly say hi to me, i'm depressed cause i cant see you
ID	3	napppinggg, then work 7 - 11
ID	3	I wish I could play guitar..... my guitar I got a few christmas`s ago is collecting dust! I need to learn! haha
ID	2	traveling to L.a today to see grandpa in hospital..Yet another road block to cross fro my family
ID	2	@jeremyfritsche your understanding would require taking paragraph 3 out of context. But para5 COULD lead to opting out of EVERY class.
ID	2	A sweltering afternoon no wonder the creepy, slithering snakes are heading to the creek. The nasty things can swim! Frightening detail!
ID	2	Just found about ten typos in one story in the Plain Dealer, including one run on sentence. It happens more and more these days
ID	0	hates not having money  roll on payday!
ID	1	hates not having money  roll on payday!
ID	3	I like to explain something complicated to someone and get back a response of &quot;Sounds good!&quot;.  Except when it sounds like &quot;I don't care&quot;
ID	0	@snowgirlsungirl I am sure every office has them. Men and women with no capacity to realize they should SHUT THE UNHOLY FUCK UP, Christ
ID	1	@snowgirlsungirl I am sure every office has them. Men and women with no capacity to realize they should SHUT THE UNHOLY FUCK UP, Christ
ID	3	90 degrees, gross skies, and thunderstorms...perfect match for my mood  lol
ID	2	@Levanah_Gates am also gutted...the end is nigh  x
ID	4	@mattdavey2 not happy
ID	3	Can't wait for this weekend...I need a break
ID	2	Oh dear god, going to have to buy a Mac and Pro-Tools, I think my darling edit suite is soon to be filled with Prince Of Persia Movie
ID	3	nice night, should be golfing
ID	2	i feel really sick, and my teeth still hurt.  fml.
ID	4	@leslie_pearlman  mow love mow
ID	0	Ummm I'm really f*cking annoyed that my computer won't let me get on facebook. every other site known to man--yes-- facebook-- no
ID	1	Ummm I'm really f*cking annoyed that my computer won't let me get on facebook. every other site known to man--yes-- facebook-- no
ID	3	@emzyjonas im probs gonna have to wait until it comes out on dvd  x
ID	4	@veronica78 Oh noooo that sucks  Did you reschedule for another show?
ID	4	just spent the day with Bridget and a small thing that got wind and farted a lot - oh yeah, her baby! Now slightly broody!
ID	2	Getting ready for a long weekend of work..friday Saturday and Sunday
ID	3	leaving florida want to live there forever! Texan*Girl
ID	0	I've come to the conclusion that lemongrass chicken tastes like lysol -  so much for lunch!
ID	1	I've come to the conclusion that lemongrass chicken tastes like lysol -  so much for lunch!
ID	4	I wish I was going to see @patmaine @johnmaine @garrettmaine @jaredmaine @kennedymaine today!! I'm sad I dont
ID	0	dammit - I slept in; now I have even less weekend to enjoy  - off to Azeroth bbl!
ID	1	dammit - I slept in; now I have even less weekend to enjoy  - off to Azeroth bbl!
ID	3	BGT!!!!!!! - Will be gutted when it finishes tomorrow  - Stavros Flatley all the way!
ID	0	id be happy thats its friday if i didnt have to work tomorrow  blah
ID	1	id be happy thats its friday if i didnt have to work tomorrow  blah
ID	4	traveling to L.a to see my grandpa in the hospital...another road block for my family to cross....
ID	3	Photo: novusnovendo: EYECANDY + LIVE = like a STRIPCLUB! only he keeps his clothes on  BUT he can take them... http://tumblr.com/x2k1wga72
ID	4	@Dtballa2322 I want to Forgive and Forget this! Please and I dont like him I promise I am going to live without drama for now!So Please
ID	0	@katecameron2002 Oh same here, can't believe they killed him off!  Hate Stringer now!
ID	1	@katecameron2002 Oh same here, can't believe they killed him off!  Hate Stringer now!
ID	2	HOMELESS afterJune 1st.......
ID	4	@Anjeebaby Snap. I'm the same with any reality show. Watch the first and I'm hooked   Very sad
ID	2	sad that school is over gonna miss all my friends and teachers
ID	2	We will be changing our name again  Please stay tuned and follow our new page once Ophelia barks up a new name for http://dog-wuh.com thx!
ID	2	@Martysixnine  How vile are people, they have to remove things that have a value
ID	3	@Vivienne89 i noo  i went to the zoo instead lol!! ru goin out 2night??? xx
ID	4	No one is at the tesla dealership
ID	2	Me and my sister is listening to goodbye my almost lover by a fine frenzy. That was me and scarletts song. Makes me sad.
ID	2	@CaitiCaitlin I know but unfortunately I'm one of the fifteen bazillions of Americans without health insurance.  awesome
ID	2	Good! luck you! I want new shoes  Ly x
ID	2	I buy the team Zotz and they decide to roast me.
ID	2	@BeansOnToasted NOOOOO I hate traffic
ID	4	Stuck at work! Stuck at work! I'm hungry.
ID	2	Damn... Why does it take so long to install SBS2008?!
ID	4	Watching Thomas The Train Engine makes me miss George Carlin
ID	2	@bjcash AHhh FCUKKK...i missed out AGAIN  You must fill me in with the deetZ...see you tonight?!?!!
ID	2	@monkeymoosh Happened to me the other day.  Was wearing a necklace that made a white spot on my chest.
ID	2	Very annoyed by my braces. Cheek is all cut up and can't eat
ID	0	I think I did okay on my Math Test today. I really really really hope I did. If I didn't I swear I will get SO mad at myslef.
ID	1	I think I did okay on my Math Test today. I really really really hope I did. If I didn't I swear I will get SO mad at myslef.
ID	4	Why is it that &quot;shipping &amp; handleing&quot; are soooo expensive??? It is more than 50% of my entire order! Not ordering yet.
ID	2	Just fell asleep for 2 &amp; 1/2 hours so missed both chances for first-look Hollyoaks, ugh
ID	3	@Orchidflower Yes,all on my own  OH gone to bed after a minor soap marathon. Photo editing night 4 me. Ohhh Inn on the lake, nice food.
ID	2	@jennifalconer I haven't heard Greg before I'm scared , I've heard he's rather freaky  x
ID	2	@cln0103    hope all is ok.
ID	2	@punkpolkadots ya i suppose so...wish i cud hv thm bk
ID	2	healthy food is NOT helping my hangover
ID	2	Aww man. @Wired arrived. How-To Guide-less
ID	3	Ooooh Kay! Its time for me to stop twitterin and get going...
ID	3	@charmmydoll I will take pics soon :] Also, I would hang out with you everyday if we lived near each other
ID	2	@KaarinE Me too I need the sudden urge to do it. Missing the Diplomat title
ID	4	Wishing I could go with @boulderdiaries to SoCo to go climb, instead I'm stuck at work all weekend
ID	2	@KMC1121 lol... im going to log off for about an hr lolz b4 I lose more followers  keep the #NOFAKERY movement going!
ID	3	Mmm someone come havelunch with me
ID	2	@minneappler I'm all out of life preservers, sorry   But if it's any consolation, you're in for something really special tomorrow.
ID	4	lunch break's over, going back to work....
ID	3	@ZuriEventsLLC aww I wish the same thing...
ID	2	@rachaelblogs Good for you Rachel.  I have nowt
ID	4	MediaTemple (mt) has awful FTP service
ID	3	@xraquelx No sleepover tonight
ID	2	@keylahtia yeah its goin to vmail now.. I CALLED it while i was in the store.. no luck
ID	2	@bradleemeredith Awwwww, i'm sorry
ID	3	massive headache  going to see terminator tonight!
ID	2	@lell I live here and I don't see all these great things
ID	2	a bit worried...
ID	2	I have one less follower  That makes me sad and I feel like my life is dull and uninteresting.
ID	2	@Anjeebaby @aileenwilliams Please don't get me watching BB too
ID	2	My 89 year old grandma in Chicago is having emergency surgery today....
ID	4	wtf come i need this day to go by
ID	4	Ooh hayfever has struck..thought I was going to avoid it this year but nooo!  Remedies anyone...?
ID	4	: What a let down! No MRI today, neurosurgeon didn't order it--which means we have to come back to OkC soon &amp; we no nothing new
ID	3	Watch Jay Leno tonite!!!  It's his last day as the Tonight Show Host
ID	2	is still pretty depressed about losing her hello kitty necklace
ID	4	Okay gots to go and now for the first time since it started will miss the Block Party on @retrorewind
ID	4	watching Army Wives and it always makes me cry
ID	3	Symantec Ghost image corruption is making me cry
ID	2	I'm getting me &amp; my family ready for Kaylee's graduation! It's gonna make me so sad.
ID	2	@capcomms It was BuckFast. Brain just went blank
ID	3	Cleaning out my room and found this... http://yfrog.com/0t2b6j   she took me to 2w2v and insisted on paying for my ticket.
ID	2	@thankthatstar i have to tell you that i accidentally screwed up the layout of the lautner_daily community
ID	3	getting ready to babysit
ID	2	@AskCarrieLee CVS is that like a genetic brand?Poor you,my hubby gets bad allergies..no fun!
ID	3	finally home and enjoying the rest of my day. Azongo and I are having a smoke-fest! woot! #mmot miss my @MorganLeigh321
ID	2	@barmak9 Shiraz event was in an 'anti-bahai' center.not in a mosque or in election campaign.Sadly children wr involved in zahedan
ID	0	cold,so cold fuck!
ID	1	cold,so cold fuck!
ID	3	@love_Jamie How are ya, honey? What happend to @LarissaBootz account  ?
ID	4	I'm german i think i should be able to go to germany for free whenever i want...plz
ID	3	@Kat_04071991 haaa awesome! i remember my brother got given woody, and i got upset cause i got buzz  but then i got both of them lmfao
ID	0	@RawrEli Aww that sucks
ID	1	@RawrEli Aww that sucks
ID	2	Still can't find my id and is going to be very VERY upset if I can't go out with my deltas tonight
ID	2	@tommcfly you and the guys should come down here, we are fucking freezing out here!
ID	0	Fkkk at the nurses coughing up my lungs
ID	1	Fkkk at the nurses coughing up my lungs
ID	4	It`s such a romantic novel!! I cried in the end  Now I`m going to bed. I`m so tired.
ID	3	ughhh. i think my plans are ruined. i was excited too.
ID	2	omfg. one of the worst days ever!
ID	2	no viewers  and and @steff_blehh, did you block me on skype?
ID	2	What happened to the weather??
ID	4	Not happy
ID	3	this week of mine was not easy!  but finally it's over! (:
ID	3	NEW YORK DOLLS TOMORROW NIGHT @ THE DEPOT CANCELLED   REFUNDS AVAILABLE AT POINT OF PURCHASE.
ID	2	@tobiefysh I really haven't got the hang of these hash tags have I?
ID	3	i'm listening butterfly fly away  daddy i lov u mamma i lov ya
ID	0	ok so this eye doctor guy is taking forever and i'm sitting in a cold room by myself...what? A jerk!
ID	1	ok so this eye doctor guy is taking forever and i'm sitting in a cold room by myself...what? A jerk!
ID	4	@JhonenV I need horror to be lovecraftian actually, not enough weird horror movies.
ID	3	@tommcfly why you will so little time in rio de janeiro? forgive babelfish!
ID	3	FRIDAY so freakin happy today was an annoying day  buuut WEEKEND! TGIF&lt;3
ID	2	Looks like it's going to be a upset for Venus
ID	3	@crpitt    I am sending healthy, healing thoughts in the mumborg's direction.
ID	0	@methodphoto I think you need to define what you mean by 'clue'. Won't be at WWDC this year
ID	1	@methodphoto I think you need to define what you mean by 'clue'. Won't be at WWDC this year
ID	3	New York from 1500ft looks rather good. Last night in the Big Apple.
ID	4	the BEST day ever. I met the greatest 10 year olds. but i will never see them again.. AHH. i'll miss them (i saw them 1 hour xD) SAD
ID	0	@gillian9 Aww, I had one yesterday, they suck
ID	1	@gillian9 Aww, I had one yesterday, they suck
ID	3	@BellaBKNY Thanks for your support as I kept updating, it helps
ID	2	@FionaKyle didn't have my camera with me  totally regretting it now!
ID	3	@anrserge addict? Me? Okay I admit I need help  BUT... I have been writing hits big bro. I really really have *smile*
ID	2	Ummm. My kid just said &quot;fucker&quot; .. Like minutes before his gparents are due to show. Everyone knows it's his mom with the potty mouth
ID	4	finally friday , but still grounded till next thursday    -- stereos = life &lt;333
ID	2	Internet, you were so fast! And now you are so slow! Where did the fast connection go?
ID	2	needs to get over this fever grrrrr....
ID	4	@jennafletch at freddies having a cotch and LADYHAWKE is here, just missing you my bajan beauty
ID	4	still no eat. still in office. and now i get sick throat 3 days before i leave for an air condition throat killing tour bus
ID	3	Time to head back home. My business here is done.
ID	4	@Leod_UK Argh Twitter didnt post my replies and tweets for ages  Aint up to much just enjoying the sun!
ID	3	Watch Jay Leno tonite!!!  It's his last day as the Tonite Show Host and  Late Nite Leader
ID	4	@KristinDaMama I work for Disney...not all it's cracked up ta be.
ID	2	Every pair of jeans I own nowadays is very tight.  I think mah butt gettin big (oh!)
ID	4	@roseCHARLOTTE oh my gosh!!! Tomorrow AS WELL!!!????!!!?!?!? God you're lucky, I might have to put it off for yet ANOTHER week
ID	2	Radio Royals AM Transmitter has packed up today... not good   Anyone got a spare in your shed... lol
ID	0	This weather sucksss
ID	1	This weather sucksss
ID	4	Off to the bank
ID	2	@TeeRibbzz ok Mr. Man help me out with some followers.....  PLEASEEEEEEEE
ID	2	1 week post my&quot;horrible, traumatic jumping cholla accident.&quot;-cholla's next dirty trick:pieces are starting to emerge from my hand! Ouch!
ID	4	im not happy   my ipod or laptop dont know whih but one has decided to refuse to let me sync my songs :'( how can i live without it :/
ID	4	fell down while holdin kales hand today...I hurt my foot &amp; he bruised his forehead  im such a klutz!
ID	4	@rpulse I clicked on the Check out pictures of Angelina and it went to a spam site about ordering checks .. go figure
ID	3	@electra Wow Christa, that's incredibly sweeeet! Me want one 2  !!!  If you get a sec, check out my app for merch asst ... I RULE!  LOL!!!
ID	2	35 hours in the sun=rash
ID	2	@Mr_Kimbalicious Lol! I was just walking  I think its all the polish I used while cleaning earlier, its made the floor slippery!
ID	0	@kmrasmussen nah. How it sucks to wear a suit and how the temp goes up 10 degrees when someone sits next to you
ID	1	@kmrasmussen nah. How it sucks to wear a suit and how the temp goes up 10 degrees when someone sits next to you
ID	2	home from work today.....son is sick
ID	4	Lobster dinner with MBA folks tonight, but no terasse, pouring rain in Mtl...
ID	4	@gailmoscoso oo noo thats not good
ID	2	the weekend is about to begin! Got an idea for a project that I think would be cool -- just not sure I've got the time for it right now.
ID	4	feeling bad for Daisy, she cries in every episode       i watch waaaaay too much tv
ID	4	I lost a follower  oh well probably one of those mute ones anyway.
ID	3	last day of work  ...but everyone is making it so great!
ID	4	I've been dead the past 2 days...the flu sucks
ID	2	urban think fail. chai latte is not good there
ID	3	Aww what a sunny day! Tasty barbeque with the family (: Got bad sunburn though
ID	4	@skinnermike I told that joke onstage at Butlins in 1991. One person laughed. Scarred for life at 8
ID	3	Back from lunch  READY TO GO HOMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
ID	2	@melissa_beery Yeah little rough this morning but more tonight, and tomorrow night if all goes as planned. Caloric intake off the charts
ID	2	back from dinner w. my family. i'm not meeting christine anymore  sunny weather tomorrow and a day out &amp; about. i want red bull!
ID	3	someones dead on army wives. Dad just laughed and Mum got annoyed with him. I wanna watch Britains Got Talent
ID	2	@Bwadoo that doesnt look good at all.
ID	2	is gaining weight.  rather
ID	2	I lost my artistic abilities
ID	2	My jeans that were once two inches too long are now about five inches too long. Holy cow, am I getting shorter?!?
ID	2	I miss my 8703
ID	3	met a cute girl at mighty taco.I'm ordering(no cheese, no sour cream, etc)&amp; she's like&quot;it's ok, I'm Vegan too!&quot;(insert hot wink)too young
ID	2	@Emma300 Guess I'd better look out for a new best friend once those VIP tickets have been used! You won't want me anymore!
ID	2	shout out to all the people goin to prom &amp; iish &quot;damn i kinda miss high school&quot;
ID	2	Back from a very boring 20-20 cricket match in Canterbury. It's supposed to be big hitting, but there was only one 6. Shame
ID	2	I'm so sad that Cage on Daisy of Love went home this week  him crying made me tear up a bit..
ID	4	@AsaCavalli wish I was there wit you. Some other friend of mine r down there as well.  This weekend I'll be working
ID	2	puppy I wanted was adopted yesterday  I guess my dogs don't get a little brother anytime soon. but at least he isn't in a shelter now
ID	3	@Big_Jim I so much want to see the screen adaptation of Kick Ass, but once i found out Nick cage was in it, my heart sank
ID	2	If you followed us recently, PLEASE dont be offended that we haven't followed back. We hit our limit.   Hopefully we will be free soon.
ID	3	@MichelleVo omgggg!! Hawaii!! That's amazing!! I wanna live there
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/67bpd - This store at the airport is as close as we'll get to WDW during this trip.
ID	3	Having dinner at the crown at south moreton with David and a stroppy teenager
ID	2	@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/5kahh - omg i read Night in english class! so sad
ID	2	never trust someone else's battery operated power tools when you're in a hurry
ID	4	Oh I'm really tired of these migraines! #Endometriosis &amp; #Fibromyalgia &amp; #Migraines &amp; sleep probs just compoundin ea other since surgery
ID	4	@BIOSShadow I'm not going, sadly.  Maybe next year, eh?
ID	2	my sunburn hurts
ID	2	@tommcfly say a hi to me tom  please please
ID	2	Nobody's home tonight. Except me. Alone. Sigh. Oh how I wish @MysteriousLover was here
ID	4	not feeling too great today
ID	3	looking at this website!! should be working!!
ID	4	@dutchcowboys Huh... PR from 5 to 2..?
ID	2	where is my melly belly when i need her ?
ID	2	@ my sisters crying my eyes out, hubby called from Iraq, spoke for n2 minutes heard popping sounds in the background and call dropped.
ID	3	@scotlanded It is! Wish there was one in our area.
ID	3	@lvlyfairygrl i would say no bc its so overcast  but if it gets sunny again then yes!
ID	4	@tommcfly hey tom, i'm happy that you're enjoying brazil, but i'm sad cuz i'm not goin to see you in your show
ID	2	@brookeburke i found out that there's sushi with fake crab meat and it's not good for you
ID	2	Just home from work!!!!! Need to continue packing. Raerae is gone for the weekend.   Mya and I are hanging out
ID	2	My graduation day... And i feel like a failure...
ID	2	@Littleradge shit your in trouble now  why don't you try with one of those companys that buys your house for you
ID	0	Musem equaled FAIL!!!!! hall of fucking life was closed cause of construction
ID	1	Musem equaled FAIL!!!!! hall of fucking life was closed cause of construction
ID	4	i wish mum hadn't spent forever talking to me so i could call my kiera later &gt;.&lt;. i don't have much time left now though
ID	2	@ddeeaannnnaa89 already did... index finger, left hand... still bleeding, hurts pretty bad. I hate being clumsy
ID	4	Has work very, very soon. Way too soon!
ID	3	@gabilicious111 hahaha probably not  sorry. We've got some things to do around the house...and then we have to go to Jared's parents house
ID	2	@shadowcall I'm sorry to hear that.
ID	4	@jgooden When you put it that way... it doesn't make much sense, does it?    ROTFL!!
ID	4	Listening to Hey Zulu - Red n' Meth. Sux to be at work right now
ID	0	Why are CDs in HMV so overpriced? 12.99 for @billyraycyrus? I hate having no money
ID	1	Why are CDs in HMV so overpriced? 12.99 for @billyraycyrus? I hate having no money
ID	3	@BugJemm  not for too long I hope x
ID	4	I've experienced apathy over empathy in customer service situations too many times recently.
ID	4	@RaptorsForum Sigh... you know I am...
ID	2	@LindseyJaffe Loved the shoutout on TweetHampton, congrats!! Hope you're feeling better, i missed you last weekend
ID	4	Missed the UPS guy again! Ugh so sad  But i got some cool stuff today that i'm super excited about! And looking forward to tonight too
ID	2	ugh i need a job but no one is hiring
ID	2	oh my gosh  this is the hardest decision of my life! who do i chose? Jonas or Green Day,ugh
ID	0	@tommcfly you didn't come to see the hosts at hilton mr. thomas. we spent lots of money for nothing. that's boring
ID	1	@tommcfly you didn't come to see the hosts at hilton mr. thomas. we spent lots of money for nothing. that's boring
ID	2	I ran out of white and yellow oil paint   I may have to add &quot;Utrecht run&quot; to my list.
ID	2	Its not looking too good outside  if this continues, i feel a movie night coming on...
ID	3	I don't know what my Mom gave me to clean my Macbook with but it is SO white now. It was tinted grayish blue from my black desk.
ID	4	@CreationsWHeart Ive been wanting 2 but will be gone 4 2 mo. &amp; have to close my shops!
ID	4	Finally feels like a nice summer day, and I'm feeling sick
ID	2	walking back 2 wk. Its a beautiful day. had 2 njoy it b4 it rains
ID	0	oh no, gotta fillout more paperwork for my new job, daayum, this is going to take a while!
ID	1	oh no, gotta fillout more paperwork for my new job, daayum, this is going to take a while!
ID	3	With bff @love_chrissy22 glad she got that dog out of here lol my stomatch hurts
ID	4	found a swing set for sale 2 blocks from home, super cheap. I want it 4 my kids but no one is answering the phone # listed
ID	2	@Beadz2Pleaz I think I might get some of that today.  My throat is killing me! It feels like it's in my lungs
ID	4	I miss Heroes already  Come one fall!
ID	2	@itsjustgoldie Why are you insulting me? What did I do to you?
ID	0	depressed; my best friends pissed @ me
ID	1	depressed; my best friends pissed @ me
ID	2	Can't believe those idiots buzzed out the juggler.
ID	4	All my spare time seems 'twill be spent doing homework this weekend.
ID	2	3 tweeets {:    FGS tweekdeckkk hates me  -cryyyy
ID	2	Poor Lil J-Man has a fever. I can't wait to go home and hold the little man!
ID	3	I had my hair in a messy ponytail all day &amp; I took it out just now and it looks really nice (: but still messy
ID	3	Wow one of the nicest patients I've ever had! He's being deplyod to falouga-Iraq n-week
ID	3	OMG that little girl on BGT!!!!!!!!
ID	3	@petsaretalking this kitteh likes going in front... or behind... or to the side...of the box.
ID	4	I'm feeling so frustrated...I just can't get things to work!!
ID	2	I fat-fingered the Coke machine, so I am drinking a Diet Pepsi instead of a Diet Dr. Pepper.   I wish the machine used error correction!
ID	2	Done with the Missourian for the day. No call back from Sturtz...
ID	4	Ewwwy. Just did campus cleanup for community service.
ID	3	Oh gosh how I want the party to be over and done with already.
ID	4	@gfalcone601 that little girl on BGT! how sad! i cried  lol xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
ID	4	@NathalieCaron I ended up not going because my left knee is killing me.  I think I pushed myself too much yesterday
ID	2	SMH!!!! Im sick with this bug that's going around..Almost everyone I know is sick, including me...
ID	2	@H0TCOMMODITY thanks, u 2!!! Idk if Im going or not... I don't feel like getting all dress up and doing my hair!!!  LOL
ID	3	@eedawson It's not gonna storm!  because I said so!
ID	3	not doing relay  oh well.
ID	4	Please don't vote for her out of sympathy!  #BGT
ID	2	awwww bless her  she needs another chance.
ID	4	aw that wee lassie made me cry  tears streamin doon ma face lol thats a wee shame x
ID	0	On the subject of frosty beer - My bloody fridge has conked and my beer is warm
ID	1	On the subject of frosty beer - My bloody fridge has conked and my beer is warm
ID	3	Officially drugged up and taking a nap. Allergies ain't no joke. Never had them this bad since two days ago.
ID	2	My beautiful lil cousin @SjFindlator is going to prom today...SAD  I can't be there..but I know shes gonna look BEAUTIFUL as always...
ID	2	@ArsenalSarah she lookd soo freaked out!!poor wee thing
ID	4	Sitting watching britain's got f all talent, but have watched a small girl cry and it's sad
ID	3	I want it to be summer. NOW. why is it sprinkling STILL!?!?
ID	2	Stupid sun i  actually have to work now
ID	0	argggggg car crash tv its just sooooooooo horrible to see her like that  #bgt
ID	1	argggggg car crash tv its just sooooooooo horrible to see her like that  #bgt
ID	3	Being followed by compliance.  Great.   Have to watch what I say now.
ID	2	Now Im crying....  Poor thing..
ID	2	Ouch just burned myself making soup for nico...
ID	3	@beeank haha its awesome i always have to use it when i eat
ID	3	awww holly  shes so cute! i hope they let her sing again!
ID	3	she made my sister cry too hahah. bless her.  i hope she can do it again.
ID	2	@brenna_boo jealous  can you add 'and I really wish nicole was here..but we all know what she's really doing' to that tweet?
ID	2	@zanzoon omg!! I saw something about a flood in your area on the news... be careful zaina
ID	3	dad wants the computer, so I'd best be off  taking my lapity-topity to a mac specialist tomorrow, hopefully they make teh owwie go awayz
ID	2	aww i can't believe that wee girl on bgt was crying, it was so sad
ID	2	@dylanxtra my fly? but but but he was driving me insane  aw you made me feel bad now
ID	4	Bless the little girl on BGT!
ID	3	@blooddrunk SICK! I'm totally getting GH5!! Too bad you guys didn't get to play in Boston
ID	2	Aww Holly Steel ... Dont cry
ID	2	@sheagunther Damn, I'd be interested in working with Care2, but I don't live in SF anymore
ID	0	enjoying a fresh mango bubble-tea slush   but still at work
ID	1	enjoying a fresh mango bubble-tea slush   but still at work
ID	2	@shoesandbooks Lucky you I have to wear a name tag  I feel like x-mass tree when I work Tag, Keys cliped on belt and ad's aroud my neck
ID	3	awwww!  i love simon being bossy &quot;we'll find the time somewhere&quot;
ID	3	#bgt Aw bless her, my stomach sank when she first whimpered but good on her for trying to carry on. That's nice of Simon to take charge.
ID	4	@jennwadsworth So sad that schools have to close.
ID	0	I hate that place!
ID	1	I hate that place!
ID	2	@rocked nope i have a fifth generation ipod classic  it likes to be dumb
ID	2	@djgraham I think @darkmonkey has found it (http://bit.ly/3pj876 , but I can't play it
ID	4	@Jennifalconer how tough was that, just wanted to hug her like my own
ID	2	Ahhh feel sorry for that little girl  can't watch her crying xx
ID	4	phone is still blocked only my fav 5 can cll me
ID	3	Omg at Hollie! That was well sad to watch!  See, Simon can be well nice when he wants to be! lol
ID	2	is sick, a congested forehead (its possible) and chest. Achy eyes and back, all I wanna do is sleep the weekend away!
ID	2	@MorningToast Once James Cameron touches something and revolutionizes it... someone else comes along and fucks it up
ID	4	@tyefighter I had to sell guitar hero with ps3 to fund splitting with ex
ID	2	anyone have a verizon fone i can borrow for the mean time while i get my replacement?
ID	3	@mitchelmusso not good you're not comin close to where i love on tour
ID	3	@kayekayekaye Have you met me? (lol) MY MIDDLE NAME IS CREEPY FGS
ID	2	Trying to figure out how to personalize my downloaded Wordpress blog!  Not as easy as I was hoping   Any suggestions?
ID	2	i got in a fight with ryan. now hes like crying and im just dead inside. sigggh
ID	2	@datachick That version is not compatible with Vista.
ID	4	@gfalcone601 ino :O i was near crying for her  sometimes i forget that its actually live tv =/ .....am i talkin about the sme thing?:Sxxxx
ID	4	@Abbyluvsaj nice! I wish twitter would tile mine
ID	2	Yikes. That poor girl on BGT. That was quite hard to watch
ID	2	Cramps . . .
ID	4	ughhh! this is the third bottle of foundation I've broken
ID	2	First Natalie and now little Holly. This is mean
ID	2	aww i feel so bad for Holly
ID	3	omds! holly steel, bless her!  x
ID	2	why is everyones tweets about britains got talent?! i feel left out
ID	2	@mitchelmusso  i can't call you im from Mexico and i don't know the code
ID	3	@gfalcone601 bless her lil socks... think they need to rethink the age thing me
ID	4	@kezzawezz i want 2 but i dinna hink it'll get shown in elgin n got nae1 2 go with(n)
ID	3	i wanna vote for Miley Cyrus for the mtv movie awards..but i don't know where i could  somebody could send me a link? thaank you &lt;3
ID	0	I hate that you can't edit loose-in-the-tweetisphere tweets, as you always notice spelling mistakes a millisecond after clicking 'update'
ID	1	I hate that you can't edit loose-in-the-tweetisphere tweets, as you always notice spelling mistakes a millisecond after clicking 'update'
ID	2	Somehow I have yet to accomplish a fucking thing.
ID	2	Wait... @DamonAndrew and @Uchenna3... Electrik Red or Richgirl?  I'm a sucker for the later
ID	2	@JEFFHARDYBRAND  Aww bless hope the phones okayy  x x
ID	4	@Dorkus_ Well their not gonna fit her in with this big long advertisement
ID	2	@Soph_Ichigo She tried to carry on aswell, bless, I suppose maybe that's why kids shouldn't be in it?
ID	2	just because you're a superstar it doesn't mean you have to do that !
ID	0	Mad because quiz 5 answer on the BET Ford Fusion sweepstakes are all wrong
ID	1	Mad because quiz 5 answer on the BET Ford Fusion sweepstakes are all wrong
ID	2	@Trickiliz13 ohhh baby!!! PDGG! ahh! im missing it! ahhh  hehaheahaaaa
ID	3	That little girl holly!  find some time! Aw, she'll get loads of votes now I bet!
ID	4	@decaydance --Nothing
ID	4	@FTSKirstin im depressed like so baddddd.
ID	4	@gfalcone601 Britain's Got Talent? Such a cute little girl. Feel so sorry for her!   Hope Simon finds the time! xx
ID	4	@coollike  the cokies arnt real imaginary will hav to do mmmmmmmmmmmm cookie...
ID	2	shit got to go do the grocery.. I almost got no more food  snif snif...
ID	3	@sarahblevins3 i know!!
ID	3	@StephWBates  if i was closer i would deliver grub to you!
ID	2	Awww that poor little girl on BGT
ID	2	@gfalcone601 I know right  Poorpoor girl! It shows why they shouldn't put young people in competitions like this though (.....) -
ID	2	@icklewabbit OMG you aren't online. Shock horror.
ID	2	@shtoofi  i know the feeling, working so much sucks hardcore. we need to hang out soon
ID	3	At the vet with a sick dog  http://twitpic.com/67clz
ID	2	Can't paint anymore because of the light
ID	2	@MandyPandy32  awww for me I just think she's tooo young or just not ready for it - tis painful to watch her so upset
ID	4	No one is bringing snacks
ID	4	ugh... dunno why im just not in the best of moods... how do i know if i have allergies? meh...
ID	4	I want to join but i live in michigan
ID	0	Fuck the day flies when u got 3647 things to do and only 8 hours to do it in!!
ID	1	Fuck the day flies when u got 3647 things to do and only 8 hours to do it in!!
ID	2	wtf happened? i have no feed
ID	3	@clairemcs i dunno if he saw it  happy birthday girl!
ID	2	Omg ! BGT making me cry  . That wee girl  it's soo sad.
ID	2	@beingnobody aww that is sad
ID	3	@gfalcone601  haha, i was crying  xx
ID	3	@RobbyWat For a minute I thought that said &quot;Maggie has an extra eye growing.&quot;  Yep, I'm a space cadet.  Sorry for the sweet girl
ID	2	#BGT Quite an awkward moment, poor girl  I hope she doesn't loose it again.
ID	2	My last full day of even day classes. I'm a little sad
ID	4	The bunny is longing for the hoodie she left in the car   brrr....
ID	3	http://bit.ly/dIQF3 I hope some day my mom will get this message!
ID	4	It was going to happen one day but I so feel for the girl AND her mum
ID	4	@0oMiriamo0 but i like the idea going to cinema, but monday....
ID	2	@Littleradge  I'm not even in your situation and now I'm sad. I'm sorry, that's really sucky.
ID	2	@casgetta what's wrong?
ID	3	@PlayForKeeps oh my gosh! i know! happend yesterday
ID	2	Brian (cat) still hasn't shown up...I feel sad and sick, I'm afraid he's been eaten by something.    It doesn't look  good
ID	4	@IMjustDaNNi Awww thats not fair to me. Now im a lil sad
ID	2	getting ready for work. boohoohoo i dont wanna go to work!
ID	2	@kaydub I am using iMovie 08 and it's still not bad. I am afraid to hear what is wrong with 09
ID	4	@SOREALCRU its Gloomy in LA no sun  but its nice
ID	4	Excitement: 8 new followers overnight. Sadness: 6 of them are ad bots.
ID	4	@Mulla8285 Oh noooooo!!!      I'm so sorry!!  That sucks hard!
ID	2	@Slayer_89 I feel so sorry for her  hope she dnt cry 2nd time
ID	2	@redbloc whats twhirl? I've some work to be doing over the weekend thank god so I'm probably going to miss it red, sorry
ID	4	@siggidori sorry, I'm creating a new comedy style &quot;bad joking&quot;
ID	4	Omg i'm going to robinson with tyler wfm. And i freakin miss anthony  ugh today kinda sucks. Lex&lt;3
ID	2	@YAphilJ phil! I miss you gracin ya with your presence I haven't been on much  what's new?
ID	2	@nikkeekristen Yeah, it says that at the bottom  21+, and must be available to live there from Aug 19th to nov 2nd, roughly.
ID	2	@eBlondie I know...heartless souls
ID	2	@westlifebunny my days been aight! been cleaning mostly! went to mcds to check for hader toy..no luck  so i ate chickfila
ID	2	Work in that heat is horrible !
ID	2	@genejm29 I spoke too soon  Still a nice evening, but lots of broken cloud coming in from the south.
ID	0	The only thing about preparing 5 sermons in one week is just when you think you are done...you have to prepare the powerpoint slides
ID	1	The only thing about preparing 5 sermons in one week is just when you think you are done...you have to prepare the powerpoint slides
ID	3	@thatdamnninja Oh, okay. Every so often I get this random taste of blood in my mouth that makes me go &quot;eww, blood&quot;.  Haha.
ID	3	hollie steel  bless her. but go dreambears &lt;33333 hahahahaha
ID	2	Waiting for my cell phone to dry out.... it went swimming in bowl of water earlier
ID	4	@lobsterandswan Its a beautiful blog, but Im not able to acess it anymore!!
ID	2	Being unable to have booze on a Friday, indeed the entire weekend, actually hurts
ID	2	stressed beyond BELIEF. need a nap
ID	2	@davidcrow @cspin and I suppose, until we have more bike lanes, the roads aren't safe enough to pull your kids in bike buggies/trailers
ID	2	awww poor little girl on britains got talent
ID	2	Left poor fred!(boyfriend) in the alice in wonderland ride !  oops sorry fred! Argh!
ID	2	@hollie__ Aww bless her. She's one of my faves
ID	3	@ShesElectric_ more than youl ever no ! !! ! !!   xxx
ID	2	@Nahtuhlee Why no sn... o. yeah... Sad day.....
ID	2	too many meds. sleeepy sleeepy. I hate being sick
ID	2	sees the finish line disappearing in a plethora of emails!!!    WAH!
ID	2	@xxAnnaSxx oh I'm sorry for that. how old was your grandpa?
ID	4	Plan for this evening: dinner, shopping for dress shirts, watching Up, going to bed. Plan for Saturday: Funeral for a friend...
ID	3	Man tha mojitos from earlier got me feelin type funny. Hope I don't get sick  http://myloc.me/20DD
ID	3	@kiieeeee yaaay for u cleaning ur room. I said hi to u the other day &amp; u didnt write me back
ID	3	in Mallorca. Want to play guitar   When i come home I'm going to buy the mcfly dvd first :]]
ID	3	@mitchelmusso I want to call you but it would cost to much  But Maybe my parents will say okay =D
ID	2	@gfalcone that made me cry  poor hollie xx
ID	2	#BGT That poor kid
ID	2	@KittyBuffieKat I know Buffie. I am sitting in my office instead of going to see Ms. Kane. Major bummer
ID	2	&quot;I think you should know this. He's going to break up with you. And I just had to tell you. I'm sorry. I know you love him.&quot;
ID	2	I need a new iPhone case but I am broke.
ID	2	is sad his wife is in Florida while he's sick in Lexington...
ID	2	@laurenosaur I would love to but sadly I have to work
ID	3	I really like Lady GaGa's &quot;Paparazzi&quot;...  #whatshappening
ID	2	@starfish1211 - what! That's so horrible! I'll be praying. Poor thing.
ID	3	sizzling outside. Work inside = double
ID	3	@genglo ouch! I can't even look at that one, just knowing it exists it enough for me
ID	3	Finished up cleaning my desk at least. . . office is looking empty. . .almost time to be in the car for 1 1/2!  #fb
ID	4	@Jason_Inc Sounds good. I still like Fridays although it means for me that I have to go to work tomarrow
ID	2	no phone  i knew i should've charged it last night. SIGH
ID	4	Not making good time, fucking Chicago traffic  - Photo: http://bkite.com/07XOh
ID	2	@mitchelmusso  imnot aloud to call you!but i think your awesomeily!xx
ID	2	stuck in anniston, mississippi. because we got in a car accident :\ now im scared to drive  boy drivers ed should be fun this summer D:
ID	0	Not making good time, fucking Chicago traffic  - Photo: http://bkite.com/07XOi
ID	1	Not making good time, fucking Chicago traffic  - Photo: http://bkite.com/07XOi
ID	2	@robertpwilkins i should have left them alone. now they hurt  so no run and adter i fianly had a shower and washed the paint off ...
ID	0	why does twitter hate me i cant put no photos on my page
ID	1	why does twitter hate me i cant put no photos on my page
ID	4	@robineccles Indeed I did get your song however am unable to listen.
ID	3	aww bless her  give her a chance ..
ID	2	So off work about to do what I don't know I'm exhausted
ID	3	yay im out but i have 2 ride home  have 2 take tha yellow limo..super gay
ID	4	@aaronhoskins I fucking miss that band so so much
ID	2	wish i was going to prom!!!!  oh well..going to go wish my girls good luck!! then going to good oll APPLEBEES!!! yumm
ID	2	@mattchung I GOT IT! i hope i get off of work in time for UP   want my job?
ID	4	miss my hubby already!
ID	2	@wonky73 I'm just too busy these days to twitter or blog
ID	4	@randiellen03 Nofair! My BK only had Uhura and Nero left.
ID	2	Bad day  The day you realize what mess you've put me through will be one of the happiest days of my life...
ID	0	Well off the clock twitter friends. Sidenote: I hate commuting in heavy rain
ID	1	Well off the clock twitter friends. Sidenote: I hate commuting in heavy rain
ID	2	Checking out Twitter Trying to find people I know....Unfortunately no one I know uses this website
ID	3	@martiningram that's a brilliant idea! only one buzz though
ID	3	need to cheer up!
ID	0	@SQLDBA Sorry  I'll make sure to bomb in talk at SSUG next month as penance ;-)
ID	1	@SQLDBA Sorry  I'll make sure to bomb in talk at SSUG next month as penance ;-)
ID	2	i can't find my tennis racket!!
ID	4	needs water, paper towels and coke from the store but feels too sick to go get it
ID	2	so, why the hell are we going to school for 2 hours next monday and tuesday...dumb snow days and thier lame rules...my mom making me go
ID	2	I will be missing all of the 1st game tonight. Maybe i will get lucky and be home in time to watch part of the second.
ID	3	@IainLiddle When balancing a chair on my chin in the sixth form common room got nothing but sneers, I hung those balls up for good
ID	2	@suzziequeue  Yes thanks, its been great. Soooooo not looking forward to Monday
ID	2	four shots of novacaine in my mouth  my right cheek is totally numb, booo.
ID	3	Awwww holly!  x
ID	3	@djirie  that would mean me babe! but Fcuk it my name @rozoonthego is SUPER FREAKIN COOL! I give myself a pass! HA!
ID	2	Helping my cousin get ready for her 8th grade dance...she is growing up
ID	2	@justkappa hey there hunny! I have missed you. No calls..or emails...
ID	4	@CagneyArtist ~ Sorry the response to my assistant job has already been filled. Please check back soon.  I'm sure she will not last long.
ID	3	@MadisonApril lol haha fresh to death lol ha ha I love and miss u 2 id almost given  on u cuz u nvr respond 2me  but u did today! Luv u2
ID	4	at home and sore knee
ID	2	- thats my hair guys. oh dip i gotta go!  on-ee two minits leff . . .
ID	2	@justinobey I forgot that was tonight! Was planning on heading down to the Cask, that might not be such a good idea
ID	3	@GavinHolt awwwh no way, i was well bubblin!
ID	2	@AngySTHB  Its not funny. The bump's not going away.
ID	4	@TheRedHood its my going away partyyy @mandydiblasi 's.  you should come!
ID	3	@TJSilver Yeah it sucks i tried to ask a Q 2. But they never answered.  But i loved it when joe hugged nick.
ID	2	@jmelencholy I'm having lunch already  ur a lil late buddy!
ID	2	grrr hate when i make careless mistakes on docs i give to my partner
ID	2	Omg, watching Hollie Steel's crying is so so painful  #bgt
ID	4	@stoya limited web access? i thought europe was a lot more &quot;connected&quot; than we were. regardless, have fun, i've never been to europe
ID	2	Arghhhhhhhhh... i can't keep up with these TwitterBones peeps
ID	2	hey @mitchelmusso please reply me, i can't call you im from Mexico and i don't know the code  love you
ID	3	hey @mitchelmusso please reply me, i can't call you im from Mexico and i don't know the code  love you
ID	3	@greatkingrat hey i forgot about that, ask steve to take mine down mate. I do look like Liam from shameless!
ID	3	Aww I got to see my 1st grade teacher's last day before she retired
ID	4	@theroser i miss you SO much-o
ID	2	@whatabout_ken that sucks  If only I was there to hang out.
ID	3	@brunamedeiros heeeeey baby ? where are you?
ID	2	@Kate_Butler I think/hope they might put an age limit on next year on the back of that  #bgt
ID	2	@noisemaker_ aww thats too bad you lost it though
ID	2	This is how much hair falls off everytime I shower. It's more sad than disgusting  http://yfrog.com/6p190aj
ID	4	That poor girl on britains got talent, god love her  forgot the words and cried  but gets a second chance to perform again : ]
ID	4	@brran1 that really sucks - I think I might cry if I skipped over anything important I don't have. Comps are getting to be disposable
ID	3	Hav fun at heav y Metal happy hour you guys! In the future @staygangsta accadentally sets it on fire while smoking with @grayblue
ID	3	@idmoore Enjoy your day too! Prob see u up top of Glyders. No pint for me, gotta drive straight back as we've got Dog stuff to do Sunday
ID	3	@gfalcone601 tom is not with u!  hahahahahahhah he's with my bff
ID	4	aWWW Poor Holly
ID	2	@sherryaperez  aww mamas... I hope all is well. Get some rest beautiful! Muah! Holla.
ID	0	only gets spam in her college email account now. What a way to rub in graduation.
ID	1	only gets spam in her college email account now. What a way to rub in graduation.
ID	4	@zhighlife people r weird
ID	2	sure miss Chick, tho...may he RIP!
ID	2	@mishacollins Yes it does. Please dont' go. If you die I will cry.. which normally leads to small animals getting harmed
ID	3	@ByrnesBabe_09  ii No!  GRR   oooh Aiden Lol   x
ID	2	i am not feeling well so i am going to sleep now
ID	2	Just broke her dresser shes had since she was three
ID	0	@djbelle LMAO!I was JUST thinking how I fucking hate @ least 3 people that I'm following...but I haven't unfollowed em' yet. I'm a loon.
ID	1	@djbelle LMAO!I was JUST thinking how I fucking hate @ least 3 people that I'm following...but I haven't unfollowed em' yet. I'm a loon.
ID	4	#justcause Summer Hours say our day ends at 1pm...doesn't mean I really get to leave at 1.
ID	2	Josette....where are you??   I looked across the pond, but you are nowhere to be found.
ID	2	Feeling tempted by high volume of jeeps to start an &quot;acura wave&quot;. Me too!
ID	2	Brought cat to specilist. May be ectopic uritors. Doing ultrasound. Surgury would be &gt;$2000. may need to take him back to humane society
ID	2	@MandyPandy32 I hope for her sake she does could it could get worse
ID	2	once again i've spend the day studying. SO BORED of studying but i still have 3 chapters to go
ID	4	Time to take a astronomy test!
ID	0	Im so angry right now .. today im not doind nothing and all my classmates yes  ,i think i will stay with my friend Mr.Computer .. hope not
ID	1	Im so angry right now .. today im not doind nothing and all my classmates yes  ,i think i will stay with my friend Mr.Computer .. hope not
ID	4	Getting used to getting up in the cold, but my asthma is paying for it.
ID	2	I hate sitting at the doctors office! They told me she is running an hour behind! AWESOME
ID	4	Is actually workin the weekend...Not for it
ID	4	Back from LAAANDAN.  Miss it already   check out my new giant purple bow and gold wing necklace. I &lt;3 TD http://tinyurl.com/m5y2mw
ID	4	I miss my dog  r.i.p.Batman... Yeah, Batman (I really hope 'all dogs go to heaven' is true)
ID	4	Wal-Mart orientation...it's work, but seriously...this sucks
ID	3	@under_control aw babyy i'm sorry  i gots too excited, haha. &lt;333
ID	2	Ow. Sunburn hurts!
ID	2	Had a great day...but slightly depressed.  I don't know what I am going to do.
ID	4	@joemuggs urgh...Grime, me no likey
ID	4	Don't know if I can watch Holly again, breaks your heart
ID	4	my favorite curling iron broke
ID	2	@XO_SUFI_XO yeah and when you are not working at paying jobs(volunteer/intern) the $ tends to disappear rather quickly...gotta slow down
ID	0	had a great time last night, but my eye is burning !!! it hurts bad
ID	1	had a great time last night, but my eye is burning !!! it hurts bad
ID	2	I have a stupid headache on my day off.
ID	0	damn it...Margie said she couldn't share the info on who killed Evil Eddy with me   She wanted my info again, gave it to her
ID	1	damn it...Margie said she couldn't share the info on who killed Evil Eddy with me   She wanted my info again, gave it to her
ID	3	just back from my youngest's Kindergarten graduation. Grateful my mom saved me, she had a gift for my son, I didn't think of it
ID	4	@VegasRex I wish I had time!! But its back to the airport already!
ID	4	I've been nudged!!! not much going on lately umped games over the wknd and i took one to the pills
ID	2	@Aerinea ugh. it sounds like a busted cable box then  what time zone are you in?
ID	2	sorry @tayfo, i chili cheese dogged without you
ID	2	I think i pinched something in my neck.
ID	2	i wanna do something tonight, but that doesnt look very promising
ID	2	only an hour left with my iPod touch
ID	4	Ya'll I turned off my device updates and I can't turn em back on! I feel so...so...out of touch
ID	2	My tattoo is ticklish
ID	2	@jessmitch fml...i have a good idea. we steal phil back and give my dumbass cousin those cats. jk. i'd feel bad
ID	2	being bored at home! Tomorrow i've got to work all day!
ID	4	didnt cry at the end but was very sad to see the last episode of ER. man that was a good series.
ID	4	@_Toki_ the wee girl started crying and her mum came on, was such a shame
ID	3	@acupofjo 1. i dont  2. LMFAO I WONDER.
ID	2	@TheEllenShow but i went out and bought some nail polish ellen
ID	0	im really bored, anthony is doing senior board shit. and im hungry and cold.
ID	1	im really bored, anthony is doing senior board shit. and im hungry and cold.
ID	3	@jennifalconer WOW never seen him before , he's bloody awesome , I think bcoz George won last year however could be bad for him  x
ID	4	It's so sad  http://bit.ly/b8jTH  I love Kelly! &lt;3
ID	3	@ragazza_matta take my &quot;how well do you know me&quot; quiz!! i made one the other day... no one took it yet  i put pics from yday on fb xx
ID	2	sitting in the car with my cat. he keeps meowing and i feel so bad
ID	2	Watching maxium 100. Why can't I look beautiful like those girls.
ID	3	omg im finally back!!!! my comp as broken guys  i missed yall!!!!
ID	2	so many things to think about when preparing for a marathon.  aye dios.
ID	2	Watching WALL-E.....it's so cute but sad
ID	2	I scratched my iPod
ID	2	@angisori It's not a reg gig yet, but hopefully it will be! Haven't done massage in a while actually
ID	2	AND I didn't get the job
ID	3	@Craiiiiiig21 @Paola625 sounds like Sonics...which I never had  ...and for the record, I say spicy bred buffalo wings w/ blu cheese &amp; beer
ID	4	@3RDegree09 man i still haven't seen that movie...too bad i'm at work
ID	2	hypervenilating cuz i just watched keith urban's new video!!!   trying to calm down and im realizing how far away august 13 is!!!!
ID	4	@chevelleluv p.s. sorry about ur uncle
ID	2	@qcmartinez it's cloudy and damp over here too. i hope it doesnt rain for tonite's track meet  i'd hate to do interviews in the rain
ID	2	watching britains got talent, poor holly
ID	2	@michellecpa  ugh headache   i just wanna go home
ID	2	@Silkglove thats bad your been forced to watch that  there must be a helpline you can call ?  we are both good thanx he's asleep
ID	4	I hate watchn things that make me sad n wana cry
ID	2	@RealJessicaAlba Aw what about me
ID	2	Sitting at the computer... I should study...  But I'm not right now, because I'm procrastinating again! XD
ID	2	I don't feel good.  .My throat hurts!!!!
ID	2	@CroSimpleMinds Only Tao in the summer?? That is not many
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/67di2 - This is what I meant when I said my skin is terrible. Plus sunburnt chest.
ID	3	working!   I am so ready to go.
ID	2	So tired and I have work at 5pm  #fb
ID	4	found none
ID	2	@kennethlim working on a logo &amp; I keep getting click happy  Its me, not photoshop I dont they have a &quot;stupid stop clickin&quot; in ps do they?
ID	4	@nesitajai ur leaving me for a week  i know i dont see u everyday but i like the fact that ur in the same city as me
ID	4	Why did sound input for my computer stop working?  It's not the mic or jack (USB webcam mic doesn't work either) Checked input controls.
ID	4	@Hardcore4 Damn Frat - that's too bad...  Should be a good show (at least I'm hoping so) esp. since it's in BK...
ID	4	too tired, i cant stay awake..but i must finish work for sunday
ID	2	false alarm on the house
ID	3	@TheRealKream yup
ID	4	dangit. LSU w/ a 7-spot in B7 now leads Southern 8-2.  Was intentionally not mentioning anything and it got jinxed anyhow.
ID	3	I'm at mcdonalds eating chicken nuggets with my kid so embarrased I droped my soda  haha it fell out of my tray lol
ID	3	Rice is ready to eat.Off now to watch Comet 2009!The most important music price in germany.Wow n Lisa arrives around 12p.m.  Still 2 hours
ID	3	Dentist   but the chicks hot so thats a plus
ID	0	i hate the tremors!!!!!! stupid meds.
ID	1	i hate the tremors!!!!!! stupid meds.
ID	3	How is it that my preschoolers can bowl over a hundred when they weigh only 35-40 lbs? Today was there last day for the year.
ID	3	@annavzang but if you got hit by a car, who would make such lovely music?
ID	2	i feel very ill. i think im dehydrated
ID	4	@ChelseaPiersNYC tiny.cc doesn't seem to load for me  I was thinking on going to the batting cages but apparently you gotta book in adv
ID	4	@Myke329 yooo myyyyye bust how I'm sick tooo... Just shoot me.  Long night tonight.
ID	2	Gutted. The kitchen is empty literally EMPTY. No even kidding. I'm so hungry
ID	4	@FreyaLynn dude fail.  i know exactly where this place is too
ID	3	@hannahbananalee talk about drool - the Canon EOS 5D Mark 2 is *amazing*.  Too bad it costs $2k...  http://tinyurl.com/63qoz4
ID	2	I took my antibiotics and I still feel like crap
ID	4	home with chocolate and peanut butter. stupid kids on my bus ruined my yearbook
ID	2	&quot;Stop your twittering&quot; - Maryland cookies #bgt
ID	2	@rosieeejones i agree with the whole Hollie thing
ID	4	@ringqvist seriously...it only gets sadder
ID	2	Ugh! I just realized that I have to completely redo my tweetdeck groups! Pains of computer being wiped clean!
ID	3	i'm going to pig out on ice cream and potato chips
ID	0	@mileycyrus my computer is being stupid and wont let me vote  . if i could i would vote for u.
ID	1	@mileycyrus my computer is being stupid and wont let me vote  . if i could i would vote for u.
ID	4	likewise @Buttahbrown you better ask about me ;)  I don't appreciate you neglecting the sir fresh.
ID	2	would like to have a gaming system
ID	3	i looked all cute too!
ID	2	ree-heally hoping the rain stops by the time i get off the metro at courthouse. i didn't bring an umbrella today.
ID	4	I might be a snob, because my friend-follower ratio is 6
ID	4	damm i feel like the song of dead and gone by Travis Garland
ID	4	@taurenlegend it's kind of hard to see a pic of a doggie if the pic doesn't exist
ID	2	But I have cause I missed a lot of classes
ID	2	still having a hangover
ID	2	shack idol today(: can't wait. it's gonna be funnn poor cameron. he fell ON A BAR in speech today. i felt so bad for him
ID	2	going to work soon and so excited!  ugh id rather pluck my fingernails off
ID	2	What happened with her??? Why is she being so wierd all of a sudden???
ID	4	saying goodbye to Papa....
ID	4	But I have to cause I missed a lot of classes
ID	2	i would slip and fall... on the dirty school bathroom floor. fml.
ID	2	Oh... according to mom dad is going to try and take 2-3 weeks off in Sep. to go to Austira, and just wrap a vacation into it as well lmao
ID	2	@Chris_Gorham aww, what a shame  ........you can still #followfriday them though, no? &gt;.&gt;
ID	2	Day 26 is in town. Wish I could catch the show, but I already have plans. Go figure!
ID	2	I couldn't find P4 so I couldn't show Brantley my feet  and now its raining
ID	2	enjoying my couch for the last time
ID	2	The city officially smells like dead fish
ID	2	@candicotton not so good
ID	2	http://bit.ly/61Aam   these dogs are going to die if somebody doesn't save them!
ID	0	@19fischi75 dont think me ugly - but tha dumb ass is lookin a lill betta - an he know it!
ID	1	@19fischi75 dont think me ugly - but tha dumb ass is lookin a lill betta - an he know it!
ID	4	I keep receiving beautiful pics of the beach from @Charleymagne while I'm in my office working...getting bitter
ID	2	@Maliceve yeah mine is stubborn too.  you just gotta keep trying until it does, no way around it
ID	2	@smaknews sorry about that anna wintour repeated tweets!! sooo sorry  somethings up... | was wondering abt the quad tweet ;)
ID	3	@TheEllenShow  I did that to my favorite nail polish
ID	3	Moment over.... fly now in car
ID	2	The Rain Makes Me Sad. Its Like I Want To Kill myself,&lt;-
ID	2	I think I killed my 6-mo old bromeliad. need a new pet plant.. or not.
ID	2	So my alarm got changed somehow and I ended up waking up at 1:00  I feel like half my day is gone
ID	4	Is Home Alone Yet Again; Mam And Dad Rather Go To The Club Than Stay In With Me Or Take Me Out; Yes I Think That Proves How Loved I Am  !
ID	3	John at a college thing   staying home all weekend and hanging out with my momma. Sushi tonight &lt;3
ID	2	Hmmmm where is everyone my house is empty.  am all alone.
ID	3	@selenagomez Hey selena, i'm your brazilian fan, and i love you so much. you're my inspiration, please, reply me
ID	3	is bak in mcr....glad i can sleep in ma own bed 2nite yeyah...but i fink i,m missin popeye  hopin 2 c him 2moz  xxx
ID	4	aaaaaw i want to live in the USA
ID	4	or even NOOOOO NOT THE SECRET NAMEREBECCA PLEASE
ID	4	Another two hours of work. Ugh. It goes by so slow. And im sore
ID	2	@fresnorock where's the love?
ID	2	Want to get a Blackberry but can't afford it  . Just watching the telly and relaxing. Hard sesion tomorrow.
ID	2	@BrennaRE Oh yes..i think almost every Tuesday in June. Which dresss, I just bought one, then felt guilty and took it back
ID	3	Having lunch with: Me, Myself and I  I haven't eat alone in soo long, but oh well
ID	4	Today is 777 days until LeakyCon 2011. Awesome number but I wish it wasn't so far away
ID	0	@WordSpring @TimAyres EEW  Cheese. I hate cheese.
ID	1	@WordSpring @TimAyres EEW  Cheese. I hate cheese.
ID	4	21 days away from being evicted
ID	4	Got really sick today  text me later. Nap time
ID	3	Silly boyfriend forgets his phone charger on his 4 day long trip to Kilkenny and now I can't talk to him and see how his gig went! Poo!
ID	2	I dont like the dentist...they make my gums hurt
ID	2	@damohopo no not proper, my dog barks too much &amp; jumps up &amp; its all my fault for not being strict enough
ID	2	all these follow fridays make me feel really unpopular
ID	4	Cant find my red lighter that reminds me of Amy
ID	2	camping this weekend. boo   i dont get any signal out there...its torture
ID	3	@welsh_lottie Not one of my favourite pastimes  This weekend is a long weekend here so Monday I'm off to an Ice Show w/ the G/daughter ;)
ID	2	Last official WVBR DJ shift EVER! Sad Day   Listen online at wvbr.com.
ID	2	What to do this weekend, what to do. Don't think I'll be making it to Michigan for The Wonder Years.
ID	3	Rele doesnt want to leave lfpa.
ID	2	@Bensue aww at when she was cryin tho...i want her to get thru...i feel sorry for her  shes so good tho.
ID	3	Bye twitter &amp; FB world! I'm at the San Francisco airport ready to board Air China. Not sure if I'll have Internet access
ID	3	Damn just spent a week whole of pay on shopping  oh well i'm happy!!!
ID	2	STOMACH ACHE!!! Ahhhhhh
ID	2	I'm in dire need of a second job, if you hear of anything in nightlife or food service please please please think of me
ID	3	@FTSKirstin shoooot me. my aunt will be home soon and im crying my eyes out
ID	3	@wrldfms i would, but i don't know how to do it from the phone...
ID	2	@ajandtjsmommy im sorry
ID	2	Im trying to move and get up but it just hurts to much...
ID	2	@Beadinpath Hi Heather. I dont know why... but I just saw your messages from April!! Have not been very twitter friendly...
ID	0	@SherylBreuker I hate that Costco always costs us so much money
ID	1	@SherylBreuker I hate that Costco always costs us so much money
ID	4	reyt fancies a valentinos. Worst of times considering i can't have any
ID	2	I want Dec to be my dad
ID	2	@cecinievas omgggggggggg, cant belive it! what had happened to it friend? do you know where did you missed it? thats not nice!!
ID	2	I also concede to my first Twitter grammar fail.
ID	2	I feel slightly sick now  #BGT
ID	2	has applied for OSAP yet again- God, I'm gonna owe major $$$ by the end of my academic career, this just ain't right!!
ID	2	euhm i'm french and i don't really understand English . poo..
ID	3	I nvr wanted May to come to an end
ID	4	he wasn't there today   my free day from when the bell rang and wen it rang at the end was okayy..but after
ID	3	@cripchick that sounds foreboding...
ID	3	Reception food at Long Beach graduation = no Champagne  http://twitpic.com/67eba
ID	2	@adam_griffiths Oh, maybe she will cope then! Now people are definitely going to vote for her
ID	4	my head is hurting
ID	2	odd i tried to call mitchel musso but it dosent work....
ID	4	I have the weirdest hives all over my legs and arms. What the heck am I allergic to? It itches SO bad! Dang it!
ID	2	New crisis, my bag is too eavy for my DoE
ID	3	@tgrburningbrite SO addicted to colourlovers  Such a time sink!
ID	4	why does @mitchelmusso never reply to mee  he must really hate me :l
ID	2	my deep fry drumsticks were not as good as i thought they would be
ID	2	But now talking about today, Oh my GODNESS! Problems, problems, problems. about love, money, math, parents........tha't enough, isn't it?
ID	4	Just getting back into the swing...Still sore from my surgery  and tired...Coffee time!
ID	2	@spizer that's what it is in mathematica. I just meant that I automatically hit the button twice now.
ID	4	Lula is not feeling well.  http://tinyurl.com/m8kcsq
ID	2	My twitter isn't updating.  How am I to know what everyone famous is doing!?!?!?
ID	4	@lil_kimmeh Me too, I miss it.  I, however, will #humpthestump for the rest of my life.
ID	2	What's with the gloomy weather? The sun must be too tired to come out and play  heading to victoria gardens for some impulse buys haha
ID	0	@jessicagirrl i know fuck my dick  i really wanted to go, but i have to go to some fucking puertorican wedding, damn spanish :/
ID	1	@jessicagirrl i know fuck my dick  i really wanted to go, but i have to go to some fucking puertorican wedding, damn spanish :/
ID	4	@iGoByDoc Noes! No kills spiders. They are mostly good. They eat bad bugs. They make WEBS like we do. So you are smushing one of your own
ID	2	At work... supposed to be a day off but too much work to get done for PLM World... sigh
ID	2	Taking 40 underpriveledged kids to the circus 2moro. BIG day planned &amp; I still aint feeling 100%  so nervous right now..
ID	2	@jeayese Plus you guys have IceTV, which I REALLY miss from living there.
ID	2	@Itsjustme_Nicki Sorry....I have to go.
ID	4	Neil just picked me up for the show. My tailights out  cause of heartless hit and run.
ID	3	I have just been to see the Jonas Brothers 3D movie with @maze  was funny NO ONE else was there  hahah can't... http://tinyurl.com/magcwo
ID	3	Don't really wanna go school on Monday to be honest
ID	3	Off work in half an hour. Getting an MRI after that. Yay me
ID	2	Does anyone know how to scale a pic down I'm trying to change my pic but all my pics r 2 big n I keep cropping them...HELP
ID	2	road test booked. i r scared
ID	2	@cashstwit Maybe something's just wrong with my phone...it's still not working
ID	2	@isacullen Oh, that one. That explains so much now. Poor girl.
ID	3	@pfchangs I can't direct message you for my free lunch
ID	2	unlucky pants    today: lemonade, earlier: white russian in the middle of the dance floor
ID	4	This is a big weekend... final project is due Sunday Night... I will be at this computer all day and night....
ID	4	My tooth is bloody killing, not sure I can wait until next week to get it fixed
ID	4	lots of Reqs today.... no fun
ID	3	I want to get super pretty  and i want a cig
ID	3	@wolulcmit @dubow just finished mine, some parts were remarkably difficult  cramming kanji now!
ID	2	ashley tisdale , i mean . cuz shes in berlin on 6th june and i'm not gonna be there . i wanna start cryin right now :/ ashley pick me up
ID	2	I need to go to ATL, mainly just to go to Ikea.  The stuff I want isn't available online.
ID	2	@andybarr I was going to but I'm stuck with it as I seem to have misplaced my remote  It's extra bad tonight as well :|
ID	4	@_iDANCE19 well yes lol ..  i had a chat with them earlier , there just not willing to learn anything else
ID	2	@KJB6609 Momentum works!  But Jeff will have a hard time from 42nd.
ID	4	wanted to go to the club...dancing;)..but now im tired anyways i have to go to work tomorrow!
ID	4	Madly in love with The Row..wishing i had money
ID	3	Trying to get the motivation to make a shopping list and make a phone call I don't want to make...ahhh procrastination rears its head
ID	0	@l2ichal2d that's a given bitch cuz ill be there  me &gt; vegas... actually not
ID	1	@l2ichal2d that's a given bitch cuz ill be there  me &gt; vegas... actually not
ID	4	i feel like crap
ID	2	Spent the entire morning in a meeting w/ a vendor, and my boss was not happy w/ them. Lots of fun.  I had other plans for my morning
ID	3	This Water Horse movie is totally making me want to go to Scotland. I want a water horse  lol
ID	2	@chelseasms it's not sooo noticable it depends on how you look at it...but I know it's there and now my iPod isn't perfect
ID	2	Anyone want to stop by Carl's Jr and bring me a chicken club?  Can barely walk...
ID	0	texting my friends and being bored...   gosh i hate rain!!
ID	1	texting my friends and being bored...   gosh i hate rain!!
ID	2	I think i may have found my next apartment. Just one downfall.
ID	2	@Jayo240 I don't know how to use this
ID	0	@anniething1 *reads phone book* Hugh Clancy, Hugh Claments...Nope, no Hugh Clap.  Poor Holly, though she'll grab pity votes like a shark.
ID	1	@anniething1 *reads phone book* Hugh Clancy, Hugh Claments...Nope, no Hugh Clap.  Poor Holly, though she'll grab pity votes like a shark.
ID	4	The pool is just not fun without Tim in it...
ID	0	Ugh..  this sucks.
ID	1	Ugh..  this sucks.
ID	2	Bored now  - Must improve my Friday nyts lol
ID	2	where's my new @NylonMag
ID	2	@ItsBacker I refuse to get excited as I don't want to be let down  if it happens, as long as it's not between June 11 - 28 or I'd die
ID	4	@cassiefasho i wish you still loved me
ID	4	I am very sad because I have gone on the show McFly fan I am of them!
ID	3	is hitting the streets. 40 hours living with Lexington's homeless. No food...no bed...no problem. No Facebook or Twitter...  Pray for us.
ID	4	ohh my tooth is hurts ohh  im sad it very hurts
ID	2	@stackmack I wish I couldn't wrap my head around it  Hopefully it'll wake up some people that say/think &quot;racism doesn't exist anymore&quot;
ID	3	@miligosa how fun!! I like the beach, but I tend to get really dark fast.
ID	2	@Annnnnaaaaa lol, I've just realised that i've been sending messages that were meant to be to you, to a page that doesn't exist
ID	4	Alexxx Im gona miss you today. Im so sad, noooooooo
ID	2	OMG..5 days till 1st state exam!
ID	4	@shanedawson Sadly I live in Scotland though Shane  &lt;/3
ID	4	I wish I was laying in the sand listening to the waves crash against the shore!!!
ID	3	is chilled out tonite, so cannot spew venom or write funny. Seems like these are the only 2 styles she has
ID	2	@gfalcone601 i felt so sorry for her. some people are being really harsh about her cos she was given a 2nd chance
ID	3	Today, i did't have lunch, cuz wel i embarrass my self with all &quot;school&quot;  ok, FINAL TESTS and FINAL YEAR aaaaa! thanx God 4 That friends!
ID	0	@marvelvscapcom oops too late
ID	1	@marvelvscapcom oops too late
ID	4	@DimepieceMag Ahhh. U know ur sh*t...Love it!!! lol How's the next issue coming along? Been out the loop  sowwy
ID	4	@ego_assassin  We are soooo sorry   We love kitties and know how much they become a part of you.
ID	3	yay that was good umm reggie perrin next.. oh who cares no1's watching bbc1  lol
ID	4	trying to straighten my hair, but it's too effing hot in here. also, i need food
ID	2	@steve_merchant I agree, but teenage daughter will be spending my money on the movie of their concert this week.
ID	2	Shelf from Ikea fell off the wall. damage done...about $78.95 worth. Or at least thats my estimate.
ID	2	@evienyc: Aww, that sux!  @Sitatara_x3: Eeek for Airline charges!!! (X_X)
ID	4	you know what it is to see people you love most in his country and could not get closer?
ID	2	Need to dye my hair, can see a slight hint of ginger
ID	2	my stomach is bleh!
ID	2	@AnKuAlGa  get well soon!
ID	2	Is going to miss seeing everyone all the time
ID	4	dont wanna work tonight
ID	4	Barg - We posted the GMOD to you for your birthday!!! But you didn't see it.
ID	2	That's exactly why I prefer to give money and play outside the house. Stupid Internet connection always ruining my instances!!!!  #wow
ID	3	Maaaaaaaaajor headache. It's so gloomy outside!  Just gonna lounge today. Whoopiiiiii.
ID	4	We're all a little upset cause Stephanie didn't bring brownies today.
ID	2	@xLaau Laura elle s'en fou elle don't like the french fans
ID	2	Every time it rains, I see at least 1 ambulance
ID	4	Having asthma issues today.   BAH!
ID	2	Headache, . . . sad cupcake
ID	4	its friday &amp; every1 has plans but me..my mom is laser tagging w/ friends(haha)My brother is out..my sister and dad r working me-bf=alone
ID	4	@JJaneBB I didn't include that in my getaway music.  I fail.
ID	2	Its so hard letting her go and seeing her cry.
ID	2	This is not a happy tweet
ID	0	lunch was depressing! All the seinors were balling! Really sad.
ID	1	lunch was depressing! All the seinors were balling! Really sad.
ID	2	@itsthegrape ROFL  Even if I kept insurance and payments under $300, Im still like.. meh. Good thing I applied for a day job pasy $2888mo
ID	3	@tommcfly wishing i could be in so paulo for the show  but fortunately i went to the brasilia one! haha
ID	3	@ToplessRobot those aren't even the old dolls...they are the new ones that look like sailor moon!
ID	2	@ddlovato where are ya headin to for your family vaca? i hope the paparazzi leave you alone
ID	2	Man i cant belive that you did what you did? Everything does not look as good as it is..
ID	4	@heidepaneer   We could probably get some $$ for it on craig's list.  List it, I'll cry later.
ID	2	watching Jon &amp; Kate plus 8..can't believe they're divorcing
ID	3	Last session of the day  http://twitpic.com/67ezh
ID	4	@wojo4hitz @marchingstars @winkiedinkie @erockett89 Now I feel left out...  All alone in AZ...lol
ID	2	someone take care of me, im so sick
ID	4	@victoriax64 im sorry
ID	4	producing the 6 with @PieterBickford then anchoring... and a sad goodbye to Miss Lynne Ashminov  we will miss you!
ID	2	Santana - Maria Maria (The Wraith)  ? http://blip.fm/~7a10a
ID	4	Sulking at home while it rained was poor strategy.  Now i'm watching the sun shine from a desk in the Robarts reference room.
ID	3	Back from the gym, just checkin' email. Gonna go watch an old movie or something. It's a little cool out to sit outside and read!
ID	3	@lasherdemon As much as we would love that, it is hard to make ends meet up here ... with the job situations and all...
ID	2	Sick daddy  send prayer his way
ID	3	Laura's gone for the weekend, I miss her already!
ID	4	Is leaving Utah today  Super Sad Face
ID	2	@mleshock Noooo! Poor SE
ID	4	R.i.p. to my lil sis's cousins babyfather Jimmy aka GemStar
ID	4	@shabooty are being douchie? lol...thats hilarious man. i have a headache from the meeting.
ID	2	@pinkalici0us argh! color me jealous! That rain I asked for the other day still hasn't gone away
ID	2	Jay Leno's LAST NIGHT..Jay, you will be missed
ID	3	2.5 years here &amp; left Dell OKC for the last time. And being the geeky girl I am, I waited to cry until I got in my car.  Love you all!
ID	3	@tommcfly can't you write a song without your guitar? i thought you could  look for something to do!
ID	0	Sittin through this boring ass conference call... Then i get to go home n nap *{missin @AndyR3w alot  }*
ID	1	Sittin through this boring ass conference call... Then i get to go home n nap *{missin @AndyR3w alot  }*
ID	3	Omg i just seen the sun and the moon in the same place  this disproves my theory that they are the same person
ID	2	@Wheeeeeeeeler  lol awhhk wats da chances holly gets through den?
ID	4	This week has been so lonely without gossip girl xoxo
ID	0	waiting -&gt; gg is loading ...  annoying!
ID	1	waiting -&gt; gg is loading ...  annoying!
ID	2	@Senfaye Me too. I found out about it a little late and couldn't afford it
ID	3	A sweater, a sandwich and a hug sound so fantastic right about now
ID	2	@FTSKirstin i know he cant be, but idk how long he will be gone. what if he forgets me?  idk im stupid for worring.
ID	4	@bloodyironist that sucks.  But woot for Misha.
ID	2	It's hot.  I could turn on the A/C, but I'm trying to be green for as long as I can stand it   Right now I'm just a little red and shiny.
ID	2	@simplyvannesa heyy i have a sis of 1 year with 5 months and still she don t want to walk..
ID	0	@mitchelmusso so cool! if only i could call! my phone won't let me calll the number!
ID	1	@mitchelmusso so cool! if only i could call! my phone won't let me calll the number!
ID	2	@isaacnow didn't know you were on twitter! Coming to the show tomorrow?? Lorraine can't make it
ID	2	So sad you didn't day Hello to me  @Jonasbrothers
ID	4	@lizzerdrix I hate cottage cheese.  I even got some fancy stuff last weekend with lemon and berries...I could only eat half of it.
ID	3	@alejandro_jg hahaha i don't owe you anything; now you owe me a red LOL te amo idiot hahaha te veo ahasta el lunes
ID	4	I have to work tonight  But I get my paycheck!
ID	2	@tutugirl1345 you could say that. I left it in VT and have been Blackberryless since Tuesday Night. I'm lost
ID	2	@bmoney389 Lmao, when I was camping, the water in the shower was well water and just smelt nasty
ID	4	@UncleRUSH so unfair i wanted to watch it but up came a message saying &quot;this video is not currently available in your country&quot;
ID	2	awww i've lost a follower i fail
ID	4	in science class right now... urgh... stupid project.. don't wanna go to track after school! too tired!  lol
ID	4	@tommcfly i hate feeling like this
ID	4	@Aonir awww don't be sad  we'll download a copy for you!
ID	0	good 1km visible shot of TD one shows total decoupling of the low and mid level centers....this system is DEAD!! Waiting for the next one
ID	1	good 1km visible shot of TD one shows total decoupling of the low and mid level centers....this system is DEAD!! Waiting for the next one
ID	4	@photogjack Yeah, the prices on the used market for Hasselblad are not even close to the way they used to hold their value. It's a shame
ID	2	@JessikaSay awwwh - i'm sorry  i hope you fell better - watch a film ?
ID	4	@megs775 I'm sorry Megan!!!    I'm sure he will find something quick.
ID	2	Ohhhhh Barcalona. Please dont ruin this  #bgt
ID	2	@improperhostess what!!!????  where are u guys going!?
ID	4	My daddy left to go back home to Texas  i will c him hopefully n the next two months
ID	2	@EmeraldAshlee yea he said brooke's gonna come over to record today!  @CHANiCEDEVONNE!
ID	3	@wamarineangel awwwwww  *hugs*
ID	4	Gained 3lbs wish I could afford something other than top ramen... If only I had a job...
ID	2	my monitor won't turn on. This can only be the work of my mother.
ID	2	@gingeebee  sounds horrid, sending you one of @buddythepug's special #pughugs, look after yourself, lots of cuddles and treats!
ID	2	@LimeIce  I dint dump anyone. It's always me who gets dumped and blamed. That's why I don't believe in relationships. #twpp
ID	3	@ashleytisdale you were great. just awesome. i was crying cuz i wanted to be there so bad
ID	2	@BrandyWandLover won't be able to manage 3 nights babe, have lil ones depending on me here!!  xxx
ID	4	gotta buy the second season of  ghost whisperer now, but noo moneyy
ID	2	#BGT  ooooh tooo weird for me
ID	3	@tommcfly aww bless  haha your cute Tom
ID	3	Last Late Late with Pat Kenny! Bless
ID	2	Why are tea pitcher things so hard to find?  I haven't seen any here, and I've only found this http://tiny.cc/vynk5 online.  Ugly.
ID	4	@TehBlue I don;t know how they interact. I'm getting better with the pain, though. I want to give my poor liver a break.
ID	2	Burned my pinky.  great way to start my weekend thats gonna suck anyway.
ID	2	I try soo hard toget what I want.. &amp; I always end up having a goose egg..
ID	4	Getting one of the lil GEM's ears REpierced after work today- definitely dreading it
ID	3	@TwitMUGSHOT I'm like so upset with you.. haha.. you never told me the 411..
ID	3	ItS fRiDaY... I cAn'T wAiT tO bE dOnE wItH wOrK!!! Stuck here till 11
ID	0	It's car crash tv at it's worst.
ID	1	It's car crash tv at it's worst.
ID	4	Maybe I was wrong, this week could have stayed good, but it didn't
ID	2	@morlhon  that's bad as it affects all the languages that run on the JVM. Too bad!
ID	2	At tweetup loc, but don't recognize anyone  am outside in turquoise shirt. Please see me! #g4c09
ID	2	just got home...I was @ work to get the key 4 tomorrows douple shift
ID	3	@ArchisM @kaushal I'm here I'm here!!! But #twpp is oficially over guys
ID	2	@gronumbulator yeah, just realized what the whole notification thing was. Thought it was them notifying me, not me spamming my followers.
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/67f8q - This is making me sad
ID	2	Ohhh me, i am rather bored. How can a friday night be soo boring!
ID	4	I'm bummed that the @retrorewind contest is only for the 48 states   What about Hawaii??
ID	3	@joshuawoodard happy birthday man! my ride to the wedding  i'll see you guys soon though. you play here JULY 27th!
ID	2	cramps r eew  shall hug a soft toy to my tummy n zzz the pain away
ID	4	@FreyaLynn lol seriously.  fail. ::sigh::
ID	4	@TraceeEllisRoss no not at all. I MISS GIRLFRIENDS!!!!  i have all the seasons.
ID	3	@BrandFancier bitter?  why? *hug* xx
ID	3	@leighannirvine Thanks hun! I'm wearing my new goldmine e/s and big false lashes, but it doesn't show!
ID	3	is having the last supper with his little angel.
ID	3	@purelynarcotic Ohh.. #twpp is falling silent..  I was waiting to track ur US version.. Next time maybe.. Btw sunny california sounds good
ID	4	Sucky day so far hope it gets better
ID	3	@kirash4 Family...friend... It's good for the industry i plan on going into...Far FAR away from Ohio  I hate it here.
ID	4	@tromboneforhire No Zune HD at E3???  This means no games on the Zune HD like I dreamed.
ID	3	ERRG I cant believe that i am not working at all next week i think its time to move on from Chick fil A
ID	2	Too much food at today's company gill out, want to go home and lay in the sun. Instead here until dark, probably
ID	4	Home from marble falls, back to reality
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/67fcj - what i have to resort to wearing today cause i haven't finished my laundry. lol.
ID	3	Omg Hollie Steel in BGT. I felt for her so much  It's not easy singing in front of so many people!
ID	2	@ohayemily you okay bby?
ID	2	@DaveDinsmore miss u guys,terribly!! no Todd yet    he is a busy boy  maybe tomorrow night!
ID	2	@ausaudriel Well I asked you a few days ago and you said money was the only thing holding you back Saturday or something
ID	2	@Puertorok57 n'dito  I messed up your name, sorry hon ;)
ID	3	@unahealy i want to see you on tour!
ID	2	Ugh..just starting another 2 hours of behind the wheel for drivers ed
ID	3	Meeting went well last night.They shot promo to air this weekend on MTV. i tried to hide but I was too close, I think they caught me.
ID	2	@DeliverImHungry You are right.  If you ordered a static IP it should have been set up.  I apologize if it was not
ID	2	Having a boo-hoo day. Things just suck today
ID	2	He's shy...............but it's cute ily. but you don't see it or know it &lt;3
ID	2	@ashleytisdale: cool that you liked germany and the awards! i saw you on TV cause i couldn't come to the comet and see you live  xoxo
ID	0	gawww, why is facebook being so slow?
ID	1	gawww, why is facebook being so slow?
ID	4	im watching tv at home wishing i could get a chicken shish delivered but not go enough pennies
ID	3	@NTKilpatrick nope  but the T1i looks super sweet!
ID	2	I'm terrified about the surgery next week
ID	3	curled up on the couch like a question mark, mind like jell-o. ah, tis such a joy to be a woman
ID	4	@Crizzoid I cant stand summer fever (for me) and when the weather gets really humid  lol
ID	2	@GettingFreedom @AmysFinerThings We don't feel too comfortable using it. It's not awful, but pretty icky.  Scurrying to find a deal...
ID	2	I don't think that im feeling too well. all the sudden, im tired but scared to fall asleep cuz I know I will wake up sick.
ID	3	@VFavors awww mannnn  shoot I wish I could make it to your flight! I'll take vegas..trust!
ID	3	oh greg  i want to hug you.
ID	4	And why do they think &quot;how much they want it&quot; is a factor? I really want to be 19 and fit again, but that's just not going to happen
ID	3	@Katie_0407 all over the place it was  boo, dual voice challenge was too challenging
ID	3	@chloestraw  I want to go to the pub. Boooo.
ID	2	Answering detailed questions via Twitter can be very difficult. It's a challange to get everything in to less than 140 charactres
ID	4	@millionfagmarch ah, I misunderstood your message. but really dislike the F word in the url   good luck with the march
ID	4	Apparently it's 21 degrees in Kilkenny now! And some comedy would be a great remedy to my boredom! Why the hell did I leave Kilkenny!?
ID	2	@MATTHARDYBRAND What is everyone saying about the supposed nude pics of Matt Striker? Hope he doesn''t get in trouble
ID	4	So much for having a fun day off at the Brewer game... at home, sick
ID	2	@Skedaddles that is very true..
ID	2	Watching Jeremy assemble jr's new radio flyer bike!!!  Jr is sick with 100 degree fever  taking a nap.  This will cheer him up though!
ID	0	I made this huge revelation as I was doing the dishes( that everyone left for me) and now I totally forgot it. I hate when that happens.
ID	1	I made this huge revelation as I was doing the dishes( that everyone left for me) and now I totally forgot it. I hate when that happens.
ID	2	graduation next sunday.. im going to miss my class
ID	3	@JessicaHarker !! I miss you too.
ID	3	on youtube watching taylor on the today show wish i was there !
ID	2	@tinyraisins Im in so deep its disgusting. I would even take a LITTLE help. BUt alas i sense it will never happen . . .
ID	3	@ShawnDotB me to mi sausage
ID	3	@shelleyellie Aw, thanks. Slowly getting over it.  Yep, he tweaked his knee late in the third. Basically stood still for the last 2 games.
ID	2	had to pause tv, now i'm 10 minutes behind on BGT
ID	2	I miss @digital_dragon and @motoash  I wish they'd talk to me more often
ID	3	Out with the guys playing 10 pin &amp; doing Mexican! Great combo! My bowling was not so good though  I blame it on my previous broken arm!!
ID	2	@jeremycowart I love #polaroid - such a shame they don't make the film for it anymore
ID	4	being LAME and not in deland with his favorite people
ID	3	off to Sacto to take babies to kennel
ID	2	I quite fancy Gregg on #bgt. Singing wasn't as good as his audition though, sadly
ID	3	@johnpapa 4:30 on a Friday and you've already got out the fine china? I want I want I want in on it - still at work.
ID	2	@Willie_Day26 awww man, its nott
ID	4	Poor little MBA is on fire again
ID	4	@mrskutcher sorry Demi, just read post that you can attend BGT. Im sure your support for SB has helped tho  a world without paps PLZZ
ID	2	Headache
ID	4	@ddlovato or with other food like i can't put penutt butter in my bread it always broke my bread  y need to tosted TOO MUCH NOW
ID	4	Demi is a super girl but she don't like the french fans
ID	4	Staying after school today
ID	2	@chelseytx I don't have the app that does it
ID	2	Oh no!!!!! It's raining on our Sea World parade  http://yfrog.com/0wvnpj
ID	2	@shanedawson YOU SHOULD TOUR!! *lol* I live all the way out in Tennessee! :-P jk. How would you do that?
ID	2	is very angrrry! my FB account just got deleted- WTF??? all my poems I have ever written are on there
ID	4	wish i was camping at loch lomond right now  stupid work. what film should i watch?
ID	4	lol exams i didn't go to mcast or other school i finished form 5 and that's it soo disappointed in myself
ID	4	... lunch is no fun when you have nothing to eat.
ID	4	@dorkybarb There are currently 0 penguins at the MN zoo...  but we can go sometime soon.
ID	2	my cat just fell off my bed lmfao, bless her. she got a fright  xx
ID	3	wow i love how we have no headache medicine in this house.
ID	2	One of our favorite homebuilders declared bankruptcy. McStain homes out of Louisville is closing down. http://bit.ly/c9iJr
ID	2	@lizzerdrix The stuff I got was precariously close to ricotta cheese. It didn't help.
ID	2	i feel like i'm quarantined everywhere i go... pinkeye, go away already!
ID	3	@TheNest I wish the photos on your site were bigger
ID	4	@saytri lol exams i didn't go to mcast or other school i finished form 5 and that's it soo disappointed in myself
ID	4	@gi_ri_ja  it sucks, doesn't it?
ID	2	@MissBernardo i'll do whatev but i dont have anything to wear
ID	2	Have slept all afternoon and evening after getting back from NYC. Now feel bright as a button. Probably a bad move
ID	2	@jingruz you can have the sun too. It all sucks, especially for my pale whiteman skin.  @mfnbpwnz I can't stop sneezing, and I blame you.
ID	3	Just got done working out....relaxing than off to work
ID	2	Extremely busy weekend. So much work to do.  Can't wait for Summer!!
ID	3	maybe going to the movies later? ik gay
ID	4	Baby just left  gonna get ready (again) and I'm leavin'  Chilis = Full -_-
ID	4	Sadly, the time has come to put my mom in a home
ID	3	@lfatzinger the following week would be better - I'll be gone next week
ID	2	Oh.... great.  I think I'm getting sick.
ID	2	No @clairabellejp tonight @skc0602
ID	4	@KellyOlexa my monday starts on friday  but @ least I only work 4 days a week (long days)
ID	4	@NightRPStar I don't think so. We just hired someone for that.
ID	4	@MelanieRicheson - I used to have NKOTB sleeping bag too!!  I don't know where it is now
ID	2	Poor balcony sealer guy. Stuck in the rain.   http://mypict.me/20Oh
ID	2	@PoyntlasLove it was  i dont think i can look at her now without feeling heartbroken lmao x.
ID	3	@HoptonHouseBnB Sorry, not meaning to complain, feeling rough and heat getting to me again tonight  Would love to be visiting India though
ID	4	no class the next two days...but work  everyday from today til next wednesday  so sad
ID	2	@Mangowe You're welcome, I am off for some merry noddingtons myself soon. It's not even dark!
ID	2	we dropped the baton in the 4x1.  so now i'm getting ready for the open 400. wish me luck!
ID	2	no boby will not talk 2 me
ID	4	@lovekelsey she's not coming to detroit  only grand rapids in october...
ID	4	@socha4e Me too! I know  I miss all the excitement lol
ID	2	@WESH  That is really sad
ID	4	http://bit.ly/GQdbD  one of the saddest songs I've ever heard
ID	2	Or maybe its just us ....
ID	3	@mileycyrus it wouldnt let me vote yesterday  but i made up for it today. i really hope u win cause everyone knows u deserve it =D
ID	4	wish it wasn't raining
ID	2	@ChewwyUwe http://twitpic.com/66st1 - please let me freee... I can't watch you masturbate for much loongerrr!
ID	3	Hey my twitter friends, tho very few!!!!
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/67fue - My formerly pretty car
ID	4	@ it hurts me that my sister has so much potential and she isnt using any of it  what a waste of God-given talent.
ID	3	hahahahaha let's tweet! I have two hours  and I need a....
ID	3	Leaving L.A.  but had so much fun!
ID	4	back to Salvador. Wish I was in Sao Paulo to see the second concert
ID	2	@mayankdhingra yeah... i guess my password was also changed... i was not able to login my FB  cahnge my pw again ...ufff
ID	4	Draining my iPhone battery in half a day without making a single call sucks!!! It's only 9 months old! Huge FAIL on Apple's part
ID	2	Too busy at work today to trash the cubes of vacationing team members
ID	2	I'm hungry  wife is at a Bodyshop Party and is bringing a takeaway home with her - how much longer will the party go on?
ID	3	Finally get to lay down for a bit i have a major headache
ID	4	@Lakers Stu Lantz is awesome! I miss Chick Hearn tho
ID	2	I hate Windows.  I miss my lovely Ubuntu   I'm such a nerd haha
ID	3	@Molltini ok. lol. i miss you too. i hope your cramps get better. i know how painful they can be.
ID	3	Awwwwwwww man my baby dried up.
ID	2	; Another friday night cancel.  probably movies with just Ashley.
ID	2	This heartburn may be the death of me.
ID	4	@Samm_xx awww, that sucks
ID	4	@mitchelmusso Im sad i cant go. it makes me sad
ID	4	So sad they discontinued my sesame tofu salad at trader joes
ID	2	@ego_assassin @slinka sucks about your cat... hope you guys feel better
ID	3	@buckhollywood aw it was so sad  shes too cute!
ID	3	Eww its gross here &amp; a lady keeps looking at me weird  ha ha but another smiled &amp; asked me if i was in their company..me in the army? LOL
ID	4	Gonna miss you Nanna &amp; Bampa, She going to the lake disdrict ):  Omg !! got disney channel. Miss you baby matt  Love you x Will do mitchel
ID	2	Sick......and no it's not the swine flu atleast I hope not
ID	4	too cold to take the boat out tonight   might go out anyway, but danvan isn't in operation either. BUMMER
ID	3	@itsjakey I love it when you call me chica
ID	2	@neoknits -- That's got to be hard. My parents have been apart most of their marriage  For 6 months this year t &amp;I will be 10K mi apart
ID	2	Ugh. I have a migrane
ID	2	Whaaaat a strong rain just came over us here in Santa Clara. I wish I could sleep but I got to attend to an important meeting
ID	4	@Aonir I'm trying to convince @janeylicious to wait a bit to see Up! as well. She doesn't want to see it with me
ID	4	@TheRankinFiles to be fair, she was asking about mktg cd's, etc, but I suggested more and she never even emailed back.
ID	2	My Head Feels Like It's Going To Explode
ID	3	@sneadles What a great picture!  We won tons of money that day.  (       )
ID	3	am bored out of my skull.  i have got to get a job.  this SUCKS.  i need entertainment. /grumbles
ID	2	Sunburnt  Gutted! Hope it's faded by tmw!
ID	4	@davidismyangel is enough time!! (if i get into VIP!) but i know that doesn't make up for it  at least they'll have each other!
ID	4	You can't even gift money away these days.  re: http://ff.im/3lqUx
ID	4	@AnhHoang ?? Sorry you posted the vid again, but it won't load for me...
ID	2	I can't go out when my heart is home sick  even if it is my bday, family health comes 1st
ID	3	Ready to celebrate the weekend! oh wait, I have 15 more minutes
ID	2	@agentrickard Oh no!
ID	2	Need to get an adjustment, neck is all out of whack
ID	4	@Agarcia1097 y r u so defensive on the bus??!!!?? Being mean to me, you make me sad!!!
ID	2	@Kyle_B_Judah i am too old for Vegas
ID	3	poor me, JUST going to nap
ID	3	@shipperz Im alive..lol ooooo  youre not here
ID	2	am sitting in the library with eyes half closed cause havent slept in a while coz of exams
ID	2	can't find her favorite Nike shorts
ID	2	Why is it hot in herrrre all of a sudden?
ID	3	@meldeschene arnold, california.  aka the best place ever...wish you could come with!!!
ID	4	I want to go swimming
ID	2	@ursusfidelis sry about tweeting so much
ID	0	My niece had e-learning yesterday. She used my computer. I had like 2-3 hours of sleep only. I was cranky and I behaved like an ass!
ID	1	My niece had e-learning yesterday. She used my computer. I had like 2-3 hours of sleep only. I was cranky and I behaved like an ass!
ID	4	@the_law_rence &amp; @SimplySarah19 WHY?! my head feels like the surface of the sun  underneath a beaver pelt.
ID	4	Mi corazonsito tiene frio... this weather sucks!
ID	2	But anywho, I just got in and out of the pool within like 30 minutes because it's about to start storming
ID	2	@PinkyNKOTB Oh I've got that one &amp; the stp x step one on VHS. Tried connecting our video to harddrive to copy to DVD but didnt work
ID	2	put a pot of eggs on the stove to boil..and forgot about them..then remembered them 45 min later! wonder if they'll still b good
ID	4	bad mood and i dont feel good. too bad no one cares
ID	4	@jeremydurden I really miss you right now
ID	2	Ouuchh! I hurt my index finger!! ahhhh
ID	3	Stressed  I want prom to be perfect for me &amp; my babe and shit aint looking to good right now!
ID	4	@brianna_love aw i'm not goanna get to see you tonight   cos i have to leave tot's early to go to missy's bday party. pullin a double haha
ID	4	@tinytim2701 Can't go out this weekend, 12 hours of exams next week prevent it  Got my uni summerball next Sat though, should be good!
ID	3	TODAY IS A GOOD DAY BUT ITS COLD
ID	2	Really struggling with my packaging design
ID	4	Sticks and stones may break my bones...but words will hurt forever.
ID	2	I'm really full and I feel sick
ID	2	I keep pulling out my knitting at my desk and then putting it back.  Not good!  Not good!    T-minus 15 minutes till release........
ID	2	@BrittanyASnow LOL YOU ALWAYS FORGET ME
ID	2	@JustPlainMeg im sorry  i wish that i was there instead (it would give you a good excuse to get away from him) hehe...i love you &lt;3
ID	4	@chickwoman97  im riding the highs and lows of moods now.... chores blow
ID	2	this is sooo crazy i have fever..
ID	4	AC in our building died.  Been like that for the past 3 days
ID	4	@leathermartini Awwwh.    Sorry!  We'll be glad when you're closer to us, though!
ID	2	Its going to be a very long weekend. Very long.
ID	2	@rvca i had a blast at the sale today! had one pair of cords mis sized tho  but still worth it! might come back tomorrow! thankssss
ID	2	...getting our site transferred over to a new server ... this is going to be quite a job
ID	4	Awww that lil girl on bgt :'( when they said she didnt have time :'( that was soo sad  and them huggin her
ID	4	Trying to decide on a movie with the friends.. not going to well! lol :p  No bible study 2nite, which means no b-day cake  buy my own??
ID	4	saddest celeb story of the week  http://bit.ly/h09Ph
ID	2	Just finished curling her hair!!!! And now has to finish getting ready but doesn't have a ribbon to put in her hair
ID	4	Holidays are now over - not fair!!
ID	2	Guess I should have called  See ya.
ID	3	i'm gonna miss eddy if we're half the country apart
ID	2	@kwwheeler  What's all your fault?
ID	2	@gillianre no they didn't!
ID	3	@mitchelmusso Think you should do a tour in England, we dont got to see any aweomse people !!
ID	4	Stupid Twitter - now I'm faceless ...
ID	4	@johnhensel hate u....  I have 2 wait one week to see it cuz here (Puerto Rico) is still coming soon....
ID	2	@ebassman Right here! Army Wife in Germany! I can't STAND that I cannot be there this summer!
ID	4	@mitchelmusso i wish i could but it would cost too much to call you all the way from the UK
ID	3	have an extra Justin Rutledge ticket for the Mod Club tonight
ID	2	@beley It's so not like me  I'm in the middle of coordinating a 3-point move: stuff from IL --&gt; old NYC apt + all stuff --&gt; new apt.
ID	0	Needs to 'unfollow' some tweeps, its not that I dislike you but I can't keep up with you tweeting literally every 2 minutes! Sorry
ID	1	Needs to 'unfollow' some tweeps, its not that I dislike you but I can't keep up with you tweeting literally every 2 minutes! Sorry
ID	2	I'm being a lazy bum..boo for jack he always works on fridays
ID	4	@mitchelmusso is the album getting a uk release? if not ill have to order it and pay a huge amount to get it shipped to the uk
ID	2	@gregverdino I can't believe you tweeted that. It was our special moment
ID	3	@AboutLittleRock Wow. @mhenslee is constantly ranting about his love for Genghis Grill too. Never been there; not here in Colorado.
ID	3	Tomorrow it will be a warm day..  For some reason I don't like the sun that much. xD But I'll go swim! ;D So that's better. xD
ID	0	My car might have to be totaled
ID	1	My car might have to be totaled
ID	2	rushing to sitter to pick up my 103F-fevered preschooler
ID	4	@mitchelmusso i can't i can't i can't  i'm sad.... i'm from venezuela!
ID	2	I swear its so hot I dont want to leave my house  Is it hot where your at?
ID	2	@SidanArchion It's all over now...now I have to go talk to people in Melrose...cashier, registrar, etc. All those unfun places
ID	2	@TimothyTheron hmm sorry, I went mia there
ID	2	@3spur I work at Schneider Electric, but not much longer. They are sending our jobs to Mexico
ID	2	@ChuckGysi  oh sorry - I misunderstood. I'm not 100% sure but I'm thinking there isn't
ID	0	@FollowActive Oh so nooooowwww youre too busy for me...dam I see how it is! How long we known each other?!?!?
ID	1	@FollowActive Oh so nooooowwww youre too busy for me...dam I see how it is! How long we known each other?!?!?
ID	2	ouch, my back. I'm sick of having a pamela anderson esque chest
ID	4	everyones just set to &quot;Away&quot; on msn.. nobody to talk to :\
ID	4	@HeroBeth That was my entire week!! I didn't get to design once while at my GRAPHIC DESIGN job, only at home doing freelance. Sad.
ID	0	@simplyvanessa why you never answer me..  wath i say to you
ID	1	@simplyvanessa why you never answer me..  wath i say to you
ID	3	@cerealck1 i want one so bad  get one for me ?? (:
ID	0	my dads being an ass.....
ID	1	my dads being an ass.....
ID	3	wow, i broke my toe today on a stupid piece of concrete!  LAME! job searching then sight seeing with Brittany.
ID	3	@MissKibbles Thanks, thought that may have been the case  chap here doing awful job of Addicted on BGTalent.....
ID	3	@rickblanton Not married any more! Silly man! That was done long ago, you do read my tweets! Barely escaped w/out paying him alimony!
ID	3	@lizzie123x aww sweetie  you could always take a break and read or write something happier that'll make you feel better
ID	2	Now standing because my tailbone is killing me
ID	4	@Clumsyflic the kid that got a second chance shudnt have. mowgli didnt. gutted
ID	2	So freaking close to getting my car back. Told me I could pick it up then call back to tell me there is a crack in the mfing windshied.
ID	4	really really misses her
ID	2	does not want to go to sixth period.
ID	4	oh yes, the Cavs win game5, now onto game6. it's still danger, they HAVE to win this one either, it's no shot for the championship
ID	0	ughh feel rubbish
ID	1	ughh feel rubbish
ID	2	deff workin this weekened
ID	0	#bgt What happened Greg.  That was a rubbish follow up.
ID	1	#bgt What happened Greg.  That was a rubbish follow up.
ID	4	Damn, I never knew I could miss my phone so much for 4 hours till they told me I won't have it back till then
ID	4	playing with Zeke, he's leaving today
ID	2	@ChantelleDaily sold out in 6 stores, i don't think so
ID	2	Just finished taking world geograhy final!!! I think I did bad!!!!
ID	4	@KellyCombs  I'm bummed to miss you.   Hope you enjoy your writing conf. tho!
ID	2	@MegsEggs i know its such a shame  i think they've got a good chance &amp; i hope they do coz they are different aren't they &amp; great :]!
ID	2	I'm all scared and bruised.
ID	4	I am sucking with the abbreviation today. Sorry  My sentences look like my eight year old is typing them. lol
ID	2	Medicine Man Oh Medicine Man where for Art thou? FEELiN.... FAiNt... can't....go .....On (lyin on floor)  `````````
ID	3	yeahh, uhhh, not so sure if i'm feeling the new jonas songs just yet
ID	4	@aaronob I had it! On my itunes, but then I lost all my songs.
ID	4	Its official, I'm having the worst day. I called it a mile away
ID	2	Weekend looks sloppy  Looking forward to a great week with great customers!
ID	4	i'm sickk  ... tomorrow will be a disaster if i don't get better.
ID	4	im depressed on this pretty day  Everyone either is doing something or CAN'T...bleh -.-
ID	2	@misspache  Ya, it was pretty bad. Not sure when I will get to go visit. We have been super busy lately.
ID	2	head hurts and I feel sick  and I have to go to work tomorrow
ID	2	@OhBlee awww, that sucks  But they're so awesome when you get one, all squeeky and happy. I only have one left now though
ID	2	@nicola_prigg pah - she isn't ready for it poor little mite
ID	2	@HaleyFaye  Why?
ID	4	@pawstoupdate that breaks my heart
ID	2	#bgt Will Holly take being paraded on stage again for potential rejection?
ID	2	@travisjestes  never have good dreams like that.
ID	2	WFD: Lasagna. Still 45 minutes to go, so hungry now.
ID	2	ummmm i have no idea what im doing but my friend is pissed off at me now and i dont know why she hates me so much I NEED HELP BRITNEY plz
ID	3	in edinburgh. just had a chinese yum! better take wee haggis out hes cryin at me   dunno y tho xox
ID	4	@mitchelmusso it's so sad, i'd love to talk to you but i live in the uk  can't wait for the new album, please say hi to me xxx
ID	4	@DirtLawyer Re: SWA &amp; Pets - Good news for owners, bad news for people w/ allergies who needed to fly for less $$. Sad for many I know.
ID	0	Work till 6..then dreadful tv shopping cause mine broke
ID	1	Work till 6..then dreadful tv shopping cause mine broke
ID	0	@MostTornBrain Agreed, the review process is unfortunately not a very fair one ...   #iphonedev
ID	1	@MostTornBrain Agreed, the review process is unfortunately not a very fair one ...   #iphonedev
ID	4	@ultramegaman I've never done a Friday digest... today is an anomaly, usually my schedule on Fridays doesn't leave time for it.
ID	4	I already miss my Mohawk.
ID	4	Arrived safely in San Fran. Disgraced to report that I tossed my cookies. Seems I no longer have the constitution for flying.
ID	2	has a good heart... or so says the doctor. Except that the doctor won't be in until Tuesday afternoon to put that in writing....
ID	2	@MightyJunebugg nooo... as a font connoisseur i can totally relate dude, my heart goes out to you
ID	4	@gillianre  im not happy im emailin a complaint! haha il hav 2listen again on sunday
ID	4	@LexieLovesgreys well sadly I live in the most boring city in the USA, so there is nothing to do here.
ID	4	Cant believe Venus lost. A real shame. Smh. I think im getting sick  Had such a crap week, doesnt look like the wknd is gona be better!
ID	3	@LittleMissLea HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I love it!!! No, actually, I have been having mad cravings lately though
ID	2	@HoptonHouseBnB I know - no probs. The driving bit always gets to me this time of the ac. year  Which bit of sea are you going to? Aber?
ID	2	@FreyaLynn it's too friggin late now.
ID	2	Almost 2 more hours then i'm out of work. Time couldn't go by any slower.
ID	4	my baby man is 4 years old a week today  he's growing up too fast.....
ID	2	at the direct selection tool who is being stubborn and not working for me today.
ID	2	R.I.P little bird that flew into my window snapping his neck
ID	4	@Suziebee123 yes dear....  ... I'm opff bbl8r
ID	3	@melodykid  i wlda seen it wit you! dummyhead.
ID	4	came online for a big cause. ruined
ID	2	i got stung. by a bee.
ID	3	@djknucklehead  no water park today? made me jealous looking at that pic
ID	2	A long and stressful day coming up tomorrow. Have to write responses to EOI; doing a colleagues job
ID	2	i have so much homework  i think i am going to hide in a corner and cry.
ID	3	I've already been cleaning for over an hour!!! So much more http://twitpic.com/67gzx
ID	2	AAAAARRRRGGGHHH! there is a huge spider in the towel pile, *cries* glad Kerbear isn't here  sorry mum cant bring the rest in
ID	2	@adrenalynntoao I've been readin your last few twitts. I hope your ok
ID	2	@rolandsmartin Awe Man, I hope someone turns it in
ID	4	@arnteriksen I'm having exactly the same day you are, man. Just buried over here  #FollowFriday
ID	0	I have had to yield my computer to the Webkinz Fan Club...
ID	1	I have had to yield my computer to the Webkinz Fan Club...
ID	4	@kaelahbee Aw, Kaelah I feel so bad for you. This sounds serious? Please get better soon. I admire you for still working hard and stuff.
ID	4	is feeling Fab today and missing my boo
ID	2	@ausaudriel no money atm, plus I did that trial so I don't know if it would let me play without buying that new exp
ID	0	@msmiya127 did your car get towed? Thats what happened to redgie's car last time he went there  another reason why i don't like splashtown
ID	1	@msmiya127 did your car get towed? Thats what happened to redgie's car last time he went there  another reason why i don't like splashtown
ID	4	@RosalieJHale I'm fine, I've just been trying to figure out the meaning behind this song, and I cant think of anything.  urlm.in/cnmt
ID	3	@drewave At least you made it
ID	2	On runway 2 hours
ID	0	@Emilee_Marie Wish I could make it too!!! I hate my commute sometimes
ID	1	@Emilee_Marie Wish I could make it too!!! I hate my commute sometimes
ID	2	#bgt It's a shame that the Dreambears won't get through
ID	3	@LadyStar88 Lol...I am greedy. I'm craving Coldstone again.
ID	2	just took my best friend of 13 years, How well you know Katie Outzen quiz and failed, how does that happen? its just so sad!
ID	0	I always want to be perfect. Thats so hard cause I even know that its impossible. ...
ID	1	I always want to be perfect. Thats so hard cause I even know that its impossible. ...
ID	3	Happy Friday Dance, no rain and I'm about outta here..till 2morrow  I sat the saturday morning shift, but its still all good
ID	2	Noooooo worst news ever today my tattoo artist is moving omg what am I going to do!?!?!?!?
ID	4	fed up of pain now
ID	2	@thisisryanross I won't leave you alone until you accept my appology
ID	0	Damn it. Totally gutted I decided not to go out tonight. Roni Size is DJing
ID	1	Damn it. Totally gutted I decided not to go out tonight. Roni Size is DJing
ID	2	@natalidelconte I bet you received lots of hit from that tweet; at work i cannot, wish i could
ID	0	At the art all state. I feel very sick.
ID	1	At the art all state. I feel very sick.
ID	2	@Smokeroomsocial I'ma say you should smudge yourself before I start calling people given the malicious action we pulled the other night
ID	2	How to get a $40 trumpet book - get caught in the rain with an $80 trumpet book ... oh dear  NY
ID	4	Broke the laptop again...
ID	3	@nizhonipetphoto i wannna go   i wanna go anywhere but jersey
ID	2	@kiteman1 yeah unfortuantley  Sam hanks crap bowl that he like rolled along the floor got me out  grr
ID	4	just wants to hear his voice
ID	2	@xXHAZELXx Don't think you would be happy if you were...
ID	2	wants to go back to charleston
ID	2	@Doodlebug18 I'm sorry darling  anything I can do?
ID	2	My grandpa just told me he feels useless. I said, &quot;Papa you're in your 80's, you just do what makes you happy&quot;, somehow I doubt it helped
ID	4	my dog poppy is poorly  i hate seeing my pets ill, so sad!
ID	0	I went over the limit for actions per hour for twitter clients.  i hate that limit.
ID	1	I went over the limit for actions per hour for twitter clients.  i hate that limit.
ID	3	@jtsui i wish i could sat but thats a super busy day  sunday perhaps? playing football in dolores park too, youre welcome to come hang!
ID	2	@MrJRGregory Im 20 - believe me, I've tried! I'm just too ginger! Freckles join up on my face - that's it!  get it out a bottle cancer ...
ID	2	@MrJRGregory Im 20 - believe me, I've tried! I'm just too ginger! Freckles join up on my face - that's it!  get it out a bottle cancerfree
ID	0	@LittleMissDx it sux ur so it a diff country
ID	1	@LittleMissDx it sux ur so it a diff country
ID	3	Took a long nap...I feel like I should still be asleep
ID	4	Hernia is hurting way more than usual tonight, no way I'm able to go out!
ID	0	swoobs and swass.... why the hell is air not on TODAY when I am packing  blech
ID	1	swoobs and swass.... why the hell is air not on TODAY when I am packing  blech
ID	4	@eabearce oh @ work? poor boy
ID	2	@canadian_diva yeah I know! other than youtube rip I don't know how to keep it.
ID	3	is so glad the weekend is here. Only one more week left of school with my kids.
ID	3	@Rikmach Yeah, I remember.  *hugs*
ID	4	Got a bad headache
ID	2	i had navy blue under my black nailpolish for a while and i think it stained my nails a little..
ID	2	@melodykid ahhh i cant go then! i could've gone at like 1
ID	2	just doesn't understand why this thing wont save my photos  Defo uggo! lol
ID	2	@vicenzo2009 No star replies to me
ID	2	Someone just sent me a random phone pic of Asian cats (with the paws in the air like in sushi/Chinese restaurants), and I don't know who
ID	3	Late night fun with friend, and early morning wake ups make Zeb a very grumpy girl
ID	4	Why do my friends feel as though they don't need to bring gifts to my house warming...A mess
ID	4	@nova_caine I saw it, it made me sad
ID	4	Dammit, forgot to go canvas shopping today
ID	4	another long day..glad its the weekend..but still on call
ID	3	@Jonasbrothers my favorite song is 'Im standing here but you dont see me, i'd give it all for that to change' i dont know what its called
ID	3	@_dritan Dam you, I want an #android, stupid only rogers
ID	2	@thepresidentJx3 should I still come? Its gonna be a while
ID	4	i don't even want to go to the store to get ice cream.  i wasted a cute outfit on... sitting on my ass on twitter!!
ID	2	Never got round to buying the ice creams in work- took a call from my lawyer which knocked me off kilter
ID	2	Guess this is a 24-48 hour maintenance.. I'm so sad I miss my friends
ID	2	@mleis hence Jew on Jew. Not pretty. I'm sorry
ID	2	Dead gerbil
ID	3	Smith/Amherst mini-reunion last night was fun- how i miss the old days
ID	4	stomach cramps; sat in bed with a hot water bottle having some hot milk &amp; toast, i feel like a wi girl again :') minus the stomach cramps
ID	0	@MissNikkiC I kno I kknow ... sigh... been on. but it sux
ID	1	@MissNikkiC I kno I kknow ... sigh... been on. but it sux
ID	2	I am so tired!
ID	2	&quot;And now my mom and her friend are drinking.. Greatt..&quot;
ID	3	Awwwww  HE JUST WANTS A HUG!!!
ID	3	@_Stephhh_ Awww  I heard he is the sweetest guy with fans.
ID	3	Me and mum are lost in grangemouth. Utter hilarity! Totally lost
ID	0	WORSE FUCKING DAY EVERRRR.   Tonight better make up for today
ID	1	WORSE FUCKING DAY EVERRRR.   Tonight better make up for today
ID	4	Omg what is up with parents today !  I've been fighting with mine
ID	0	types too fast for her own good. and has been craving pizza for 2+ wks. GAH i hate not having a job i want pizza!  lmaoz why me?!
ID	1	types too fast for her own good. and has been craving pizza for 2+ wks. GAH i hate not having a job i want pizza!  lmaoz why me?!
ID	2	@Need4Sheed_com Ohhh got it. It's the 8830 I think  I miss the Pistons  I really hope Joe D cooks up something big!
ID	2	frame damage... car could be totalled
ID	3	@ProfessorSpork I actually envy you even though I've already seen it.  It was that good!
ID	2	My logic to getting a short prom dress? Last year it was so freaking hot I was dying... Look at the weather...  hahah just my luck
ID	3	So aparently my Out of Sight album sampler cd only has the video on it
ID	2	Had a totally chilled out day relaxing in the garden in the lovely weather. Shame I have to go to work tomorrow
ID	0	Ugh, okay I'm going to go shower now  and then shopping with mommy, let's hope I don't pass the fuck out.
ID	1	Ugh, okay I'm going to go shower now  and then shopping with mommy, let's hope I don't pass the fuck out.
ID	2	@Mwissa Really? Can you send it to me too? I don't get the internal emails.
ID	2	Traffic is horrific on 695..I jus wanna gt my dog
ID	4	@sheila_libere ...Moving all done, no internet until Monday   at an cafe, like the new place, and work is fine. everything else, so so.
ID	2	@pixonu its ok mate I stayed in as well  losers aren't we
ID	2	@mfhorne why go winchester when my sister doesnt go there any more!   bad times.. x
ID	2	Club day at school &amp; I can't go b/c I hurt myself during school by trippin over some1's backpack.
ID	4	@MISSCOKASPLASH yay but you missed naptime
ID	3	@BrandFancier oh ok  well im sendin lots of love xxx
ID	3	@stonezoneshow http://twitpic.com/67gwh - bwahahahahahahaha nice!  I want a doggy
ID	2	@PinkyNKOTB  lol - thats 51p less ive got towards the cruise!!
ID	0	@thecultureofme don't feel too bad i just had a burrito from there and it kinda sucked.
ID	1	@thecultureofme don't feel too bad i just had a burrito from there and it kinda sucked.
ID	2	@sarahstanley I shudder at the thought of what she was thinking she'd do with it if she'd managed to reclaim it...
ID	2	@cartermason bummer, bro, sorry to hear that
ID	4	@oyfreakinvey u witch! im upstate in a fucking hick dry county. so no alcohol or ethnic food.  im crying.
ID	3	PKU meeting in London, ON all day today.  One of my favorite PKUers Jessie not there.   He has PKU and Leukemia and was in the hospital.
ID	2	Just tried to sign up for @Foursquare but apparently Knoxville is not a big enough city  Will Knox ever be on the list?
ID	3	cant wait to get home. i hate my job
ID	2	@LaurenConrad when I tried to go to her's I got this message &quot;That page doesn't exist! &quot;
ID	2	@love_primaDONNA lucky.. where do you live? im in vegas and it never rains here...
ID	4	@nicole531 http://twitpic.com/5rylt - ur so lucky! there, the stage its so close of theem! here not  i think we're dangerous (?
ID	2	i hate going to work.
ID	2	Being attacked with cola..... all sticky
ID	0	I was waitin' so many new and good songs about the end but I didnt like it so much
ID	1	I was waitin' so many new and good songs about the end but I didnt like it so much
ID	2	Sorry everybody! Apparently Twitter isn't sending me my updates.
ID	4	I am sitting at work watching the clock.  It isn't moving fast enough.
ID	0	@TheSims2 aww BBQ? that's not fair  all i had was chocolate
ID	1	@TheSims2 aww BBQ? that's not fair  all i had was chocolate
ID	2	@PerezHilton  that's sad. Trauma... Future serial killer...
ID	4	sorry to tweet about BGT but poor wonderful crazy weird Greg  so not fair. the silly little girl is never going to cope. urgh. NOT FAIR.
ID	2	Ugh I have a hedache; I may be cheap, but fucking shit I still have class with how I roll
ID	3	I wanna talk to Mitchel Mussoooooo
ID	2	my eyes hurts..
ID	3	@MrsSeear me too! Yay he got in. And the other kid who cries a lot
ID	2	@soapylove I saw that - unfortunately it happens to be on the same day as my high school reunion   I will have to catch you next time.
ID	2	@Shar_Music I was not hugged
ID	2	two hours till our offer on the house expires  no word yet! Come on people, sell us your house!!!!!!!!!!! #Parker #Colorado
ID	2	@mileycyrus I miss you...  come over and say bye before I leave!!
ID	3	Bouta donate blood! Ahhhhh!
ID	2	My wedding next Thursday and I'm ill
ID	3	Awww I wanted to see some more of Greg
ID	4	this day has beasted me.
ID	3	@aaronstewart try 5 5-drawer horizontal cabinets full of non-digital fun. The SEC &amp; FINRA make my job so joyful. Can't hire temps either
ID	2	does want a lot of things right now  and i cant have them-yet.
ID	4	&lt;-----bored to death
ID	4	Oh no! I just read they are going to do a remake of Girls Just Wanna Have Fun   Stop it hollywood-just stop!
ID	3	wants a new phone. ugh my b-day in 3 weeks ya'll
ID	4	@laurenbernal MAKE ME ONE! I'm still craving shrimp
ID	2	@Jennifalconer I don't know if I can bear to watch Hollie tommorrow night,it's a bit hard to take seeing the state she gets herself into
ID	3	@dressjunkie oh no!! don't be horrible  lol no but she was a better singer even if she didn't cry... don't u think? she made me cry haha!
ID	3	@kadi707 RUDE! going cabin drinking without lizlove!  but im am proud momma that you finally learned how to properly TWIT
ID	2	being re-admitted, at this stage for a three-night minimum with a hopeful tuesday discharge
ID	4	Craving munchkins so bad.
ID	3	@shesbatty what is I/O psy? I'm taking psy101 starting this Monday, not looking forward to going back to school but
ID	2	Nvm, not working period
ID	3	@WeTheTRAVIS i hope that happens tomorrow, then ill be there ;) (Providing my dad gets better to take me  )
ID	4	@briarlaboheme oh dear.  that is terrible. however, moleskine notebooks rule. a lot.
ID	3	@hippiekat I AM WONDERFULLLL. i went to the ppooool. i forgot my floatiez though
ID	2	@laurawrholmez  I know! they were running out though, Soph had to get a massive one...
ID	4	Time i get into The Game they cancel it there will not be a 4th season  i like that show!
ID	2	wondering if anyone has seen my cell phone i cant find it anywhere
ID	2	Stubbed my little toe this morning on my file cabinet ... and it's turning black
ID	3	i am SOOO mad...yesterday and today...SUCKED!!!so much!
ID	4	my girl friend also dropped me
ID	2	@DanfromAston I have heard that about a lot of programs like that, we go to a large chain of learning centers, sorry for you!
ID	2	@theloudninja Not by choice.  I have to use it for that one project that never ends!
ID	4	Watching QI on Dave - still quite bored! Not even Adam Davis can cheer me up.  And he's quite funny.
ID	3	@mfharrison I still have another hour.
ID	3	@yelyahwilliams  but i love your haaaaair!
ID	2	I am trying to upload my background from twitbacks. its not working
ID	2	@KelleyLCarter: Yeah, I fell asleep  I'm sorry. No way in the world I was waking up @ 7am lol. I had to work @ 9am.
ID	2	@msfeather24 You're the one getting married on me
ID	3	is cold and wished to go back to bed
ID	2	Why does my boss have to come in today.....
ID	2	@thatlass as much as i love to be hopeful, i reckon the chances are minimal =P i'm never gonna get my cake and stuff
ID	2	my pic didn't work
ID	0	school and the guy i like was talking to the girl i cant stand at all!!  ppl are just sooo...ughhhh!!
ID	1	school and the guy i like was talking to the girl i cant stand at all!!  ppl are just sooo...ughhhh!!
ID	4	My hips are too wide to rock those mario Kart shorts  why couldn i have the bone structure of a 12 year old boy?
ID	2	@BitchNotAPerson I can understand the fear. I feel that way about many things. You really need motivation to overcome it. Mine was guilt
ID	4	@blkademic I'm sorry to hear that! sometimes family sucks
ID	4	Sick at home and so bored  I want to get better already so I can enjoy being a college grad!
ID	2	Hey every1! Do yesterday was my prom and it was the best. I wanna go back in time :] Ima miss every  new picks up soon myspace.com/risound
ID	4	weekend, bought Lost Odyssey, YAY  ------- however, my 360 RROD'ed on me  it's the second time
ID	2	GREG NOOOOO DON@T LEAVE ME  U SHUD HAVE GONE THROOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! im gonna find u restaurant don't worry lol  cry cry cry
ID	2	@beherenw lol must contribute to the destruction of language...awww
ID	3	@JonasBrothers MY FAV. SONG IS UH...honestly, its rude for u to make us choose.  lol I love 'em all!
ID	2	@RyanSeacrest that was such a tease!  I cant wait til Sunday!!  but then after that, nothing until November   oh well, i can wait!
ID	4	no southland this wk
ID	3	gotta go twitterers (?) my stupid sister wants to go on facebook  oging to montreal 2morrow so i wont be on for a while! bye!! XoXox &lt;33
ID	2	@jr_smith1 wats i got luck for u guys to beat la!! lol i would like to see this best wishes to the denver nuggets but my cavs are done
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/67hvr - This picture is from last year freshman year how I miss thos days
ID	2	Just had a horrible experience with a dentist.  Had a crown made that doesn't fit right and they won't fix it or give back the money.
ID	4	is not having a good day... I havent had a good week forreal!!
ID	0	damn, my photo is gone!
ID	1	damn, my photo is gone!
ID	3	@RainbowEagle Yeah I replied!! I meant to take a photo of my drink but I was laaazy and didnt'  x
ID	3	is off 2 bed. gon force the sandman 2 com do wot he do since it dont look like there's gon be any partyin 2nyt
ID	4	I had 2 hoes .. now I have none
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/67hw5 - Session almost over
ID	2	Ok the thunder is scaring me
ID	4	@Fall_in_love aww me too!!!  we miss you.
ID	2	Was late today, due to construction!!!      tGif...
ID	2	Placed a $2 bet on a sure thing and lost.  no more betting for me!
ID	4	we're getting another puppy  ... not cool... really
ID	4	woo hoo its friday!! ....wait.... i have to work at the cleaners tomorrow.
ID	2	@fishkutta omg kool. I'm not on the road
ID	2	@KaseyTheGreat I submitted my resume the same day and saw no answer back. Oh well...
ID	2	@SEXONWHEELS  thats it, rub it in that ur seeing morrissey! il just go and cry in the corner  x
ID	3	I spent my whole dream cooking a delicious meal, but I woke up before I got to try it
ID	4	@gergtreble I trailed the streets of Sheffield and couldn't find the pub!  And all the numbers I had were landlines. How goes it?
ID	4	I need to relocate to the west coast.. This weather here is killin me!!!
ID	3	Heading to a wedding
ID	2	Nnnnoooooo!!!! Just learned we've got a frost warning for tonight!
ID	4	@mileycyrus why you never answer me...
ID	3	What a day, 12 hours work  But I'd really like my job, it's fabulous :b
ID	2	Under sooooo much stress lately
ID	2	Gees can this week get anymore horrible....now i cant go to spain
ID	2	@sand67 so sad...sorry to hear that.  She was a sweet dog.
ID	4	me and chloe are drinking away our sorrows, Dreambears SO should've got through
ID	4	@epiphanygirl man i missed it!! Ive been waitn all day 4 u 2 giv the tix away &amp; then whn im rappn up @ wrk u gav my tix away! Im sad!
ID	4	is loving the half day! If only it wasn't raining.  Soccer Practice tonightt.
ID	0	ugh trek of hollie steel  she annoys me &gt;
ID	1	ugh trek of hollie steel  she annoys me &gt;
ID	3	im pretty sure i miss watching &quot;Yo Gabba Gabba&quot; with my niece
ID	2	My Sharpie is running DANGERously low on ink
ID	0	Facebook decided I'm annoying or abusive because I add lots of friends. At least I have no distractions from coursework now...
ID	1	Facebook decided I'm annoying or abusive because I add lots of friends. At least I have no distractions from coursework now...
ID	2	@problogger I know, the suns not even up and ive been up for an hr. Tossa decided to sleep ON my side and cold nose me.
ID	4	Having a light depression. Just payed an extra bill from last years taxes... Must find a country with a tax that is lower than 56%
ID	3	were playing at 7 @ club impact tomorrow! finally got shirts! woopity doo! i want a slurpeeee sooo bad right now
ID	3	Doesn't have to go to work tomorrow! Good times! Revision though
ID	2	@JDuckworth I'm so jealous! Wish I could join u. It's so cold in LA right now.
ID	2	Poor little Holly will be up all night preparing her act for tomorrow
ID	4	My fingers hurt
ID	4	I miss my daddy so much.
ID	3	Excited bout going out 2nite but bummed cuz im da designated driver. So no drinking for Angie!
ID	3	@dollymix184 Wow, I've officially lost all faith in Britain, looks like our wishes weren't met, sadly
ID	4	just cried all the way through the final episode of ER... and the 'previously on ER' documentary about it!
ID	2	@NikkiCrivello i've got really bad arthritus in my left hand. I cant use my thumb at all
ID	3	@SHELLiZAY hmmm Essense awards would be fun... but also pricy
ID	2	@ricanitaliana89 u really don't think so?  maybe ur right....lol. btw what phone u using? think u told me b4...i might have an app for u
ID	2	Hmm, had first pizza in ages and feel a bit sick now  That'll teach me!
ID	2	is sick and it doesn't seem like i'm getting better
ID	4	Im going bed i dnt feel well as always
ID	2	@misst7 yes, actually, I am. When I'm home, moms does the laundry &amp; I do the babysitting. She broke something that didn't need 2 b fixed
ID	2	@DonnieWahlberg Mr. Ddub how bout' announcing a new date for the NC shows? please don't leave us out. i got my refund 2day for 5*
ID	2	@ProudKiwi missed you by 10 min, haha. went to sleep at 15 past, but had a major anxiety attack around 630 again. ugh.  boo
ID	4	@julezykins must be kidding. No boys (definately)(I hope anyway o_O) and no girls (probably) honest I must be proper ugly no-one likes me
ID	2	OMG I'VE JUST SEEN WHAT HAPPENED TO HOLLIE! POOR ICKLE ONE
ID	4	really is missing her daughters in Haiti!  Wishing i could go back.
ID	2	man, i ain't been without V's presence in a minute...i feel like a lil kid with no momma
ID	4	@batman_sounds bicycle? Sucks i cant ride with you
ID	3	@jonasbrothers please nick, say happy birthday to me. my birthday was yesterday!
ID	2	wishes zak wuld trust me enough to give me bac my necklace  i want it back, but he thinks i'll cut with it..... http://plurk.com/p/x2qkb
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/67i90 - My plans have been ruined
ID	3	@tassilovivaslap ich will auch zur Aftershowparty
ID	4	Just got to work. Only today and three days left.  my heart is breaking.
ID	4	Fuck, we have some kind of bugs in our house. And we dont know why or what it is
ID	3	@Mileycyrus I can't Vote 4 u a the MTV movie awards. There is no vote button. Is it cause i live in sweden? I wanna vote 4 u 2  u rock xo
ID	4	@CaptainFlashman  Oh no - Poor you!!
ID	2	great cant eve locate my phone! there goes 200 down the drain
ID	2	I hate life at the mo, it sucks
ID	4	@active_girl - Bummer...mail came but package didn't
ID	4	@lilyroseallen yes........there are many cool things americans cannot watch
ID	3	Choir assembly was bad  it's fucking hot, yay!
ID	4	I is so lonely
ID	2	@chante4dannyxxx Nope probably revision  Hbu? x
ID	2	Husband Went off to bed, now off to missing him again until he is off again Tuesday
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/67iab - Rounding bases - she was fast during relays. Not so fast during the game
ID	4	Guess I have to go back and scrape out the oven now. Blerg
ID	3	Dad asked my why I was sticking my tongue out while I was ironing, and I told him it was so I didn't burn my finger, as I burnt my finger
ID	2	@simonruggles I would much rather you didn't punch yourself in the face...it might hurt
ID	3	@peacefullvegan I LOVE PD! So fucking good! I wanted to try something new...I give it 2.5/5 stars. It's meh.
ID	3	BGT was just amazing tonight, and threee amazing acts got sent home
ID	2	@prd3000 Also, I am technologically challenged and have a cell phone that only makes phone calls.  Can't #tweetb4Ueat
ID	3	got my car back and excited/sad for the going away party I'm attending tonight. Dani is going back to Brazil...
ID	4	why on twitter does no one talk 2 me i know your all celebs and i'm nt but it's nice to be spoken to once in a while
ID	4	What happened to the warm?  I will commence pouting until it returns READYSETGO
ID	4	fridayyyyy!!.... but i'm working
ID	3	@skaterdays LOL, such a dork. Hmm, is that book pretty good? Maybe I should check it out. That's why 4gb sucks  8 isn't much better.
ID	3	@Rhea_C hahaha i agree. im s glad Aiden won tonights show and greg should have got the other place
ID	4	@whitney_g my day just hasnt been the same without ur running conversation all day
ID	4	@LeesaB nooooooooooooooo! well the 4G will prob be out in June but that doesn't help u now
ID	2	Computer is packed away. There goes my life. Right into a cardboard box.
ID	3	@yellowflowers87 aww I don't want u to suffer  it's just Midol isn't working for me. Grrrrr I hate that stuff. But I love you tho.
ID	4	I am very bummed that there are no babydoll or spaghetti-strap tank Three Wolf Moon t-shirts. Love the meme; hate wearing a fabric box.
ID	2	@itstayloryall you didnt include Taylor in the &quot;Follow Friday&quot;
ID	2	Phoneless for the next couple of hours. No one to blame but myself.
ID	0	At home now. Feeling very tired. I want to take a nap but I can't.
ID	1	At home now. Feeling very tired. I want to take a nap but I can't.
ID	2	@AndreaaaB ooops! the last link is the same as the first! sry my mistake
ID	2	I need a job to keep me above waters...thought I had one but apparently its &quot;Casual&quot; so now on the search again
ID	3	@RetroRewind Something 2 get your attention 2 get Sexify My Love played http://twitpic.com/67i82 What? It worked last time! No $ 2 bribe
ID	2	My flip flop just broke...walking in downtown seattle
ID	2	is a lil sad bc I wont be able toeat a hot dog and Big Kahuna cookie sandwich at the Ranger game tonight!
ID	3	GREG D: You should have cried too :L You could have got through!!   I still love you Greg. #BGT
ID	4	@itslisali Too bad I can't come!  Enjoy urself tho.
ID	3	Finally, I got my teaching load confusion cleared. I will teach 3 third year sections but with a catch.
ID	2	@jonasbrothers pleaseeeee .. it was the only thing I wanted for my birthdayyyy!  please say happy birthday to me!
ID	4	I'm boredddd. The day has gone quick  I don't like it!
ID	4	Darn, I had one and it slipped right through my fingers
ID	3	@looloojoju aww  im ok been stuck on a coach coming back from nans today and its been lovely sunshine too  xx
ID	4	Finally the school day ended, Friday Friday Friday w00t! But it's raining outside.
ID	2	i have a headache
ID	2	Heyya guys! does anyone know how to give formulas to create a sudoku? Please help
ID	4	I need to play inFamous... Where's a free Blockbuster rental coupon when you need one? I miss that Coke Reward
ID	4	justwatched the most depressing episode of Jon  Kate EVER!!!i actually almost cried.
ID	2	soreeeee throattttttt
ID	4	Wish I had a laptop charger so I could tweet faster
ID	3	@Jonasbrothers i cant choose one  i love all the songs on LV&amp;TT;bt if u like... Read More: http://is.gd/JkVF
ID	4	is veryyy upset she cant go to hacienda tonight because the stupid nuggets game
ID	2	im feeling like ish!  i just wanna go home and go mimis
ID	0	ohhhh my feet ache
ID	1	ohhhh my feet ache
ID	2	Dad asked me why I was sticking my tongue out while I was ironing, and I told him it was so I didn't burn my finger, as I burnt my finger
ID	4	When you FEEL you can not LIVE without something is when IT is taken away.   Oh, to do it all over again with what I know now.    Movin ON
ID	4	Comin back from the mall didnt get anything cause i have no money and stuff  but tuesday is pay day ilu ~Joshy~
ID	2	@ceramicheart gonna go home and TRY to take a nap. I am emotionally exhausted   ... I will be in after.. &lt;3
ID	3	Don't have the Will power to finish hour two of my work out
ID	2	I have a stomach ache... Totally sucks
ID	0	at economics i wanna go homeeeeeee  im tired and i hate the teacher.  and im sick of half of my classmates and i wanna go home and sleep
ID	1	at economics i wanna go homeeeeeee  im tired and i hate the teacher.  and im sick of half of my classmates and i wanna go home and sleep
ID	4	i am the only arabic girl who's online  every one is  a sleep ..
ID	2	@donotrefreeze THAT'S A SHAME REALLY
ID	0	@McFlyingGirl  i got too do course work   i hate it it is hard this one
ID	1	@McFlyingGirl  i got too do course work   i hate it it is hard this one
ID	2	@Fortyisthenew20 i was stupid and didnt get it, now i cant find it.  i think i have to do ebay but that scares me
ID	3	Not babysitting tonight. I miss that kid.
ID	0	LUCY IS HATING ON MY GWEG!
ID	1	LUCY IS HATING ON MY GWEG!
ID	4	my new picture won't upload!!!
ID	2	@donnyosmond Were getting old Donny. I got one starting high school next yr and one going into the 7th. Where have the years gone?!
ID	0	@3minds nope- dnt have wireless ne more  HATERS!!!! Ugh... Save me a copy so I can watch it...
ID	1	@3minds nope- dnt have wireless ne more  HATERS!!!! Ugh... Save me a copy so I can watch it...
ID	2	Here at work still feeling the pain for my friend wish I had a magic wand to erase all the madness
ID	2	Omg, my mom just called... Im too late... Hes gone
ID	4	photography class over summer cancelled. going somewhere i dont want to and missing the spring game  and no email from eric swist
ID	2	@g4tv Batman: Arkham Asylum, but I don't own a system that will play it, sadness
ID	4	Off home ill from work. This man flu is hell
ID	2	@avstansfield omg i had a meltdown when he died/actually died in real life  av got the box sets!
ID	0	THIS TWITTER SHIT KAN EAT THE GUN NOW ....AN I DON'T EVEN BE GOIN IN SMFH, OVER REACTIN 4 NOTHIN, I NEED 2 STAY STRONG
ID	1	THIS TWITTER SHIT KAN EAT THE GUN NOW ....AN I DON'T EVEN BE GOIN IN SMFH, OVER REACTIN 4 NOTHIN, I NEED 2 STAY STRONG
ID	4	wanted greg pritchard to go through     what a silly, sobby and hopelessly dull little girl hollie steel is?
ID	4	@EshSoMajor how dare u? after all the love making we've made over email, im a stranger? u never replied
ID	2	@callmaggie After I water the plants I am headed to the farm. Don't have any popcorn for the goats   Katnip is looking good under saddle
ID	3	@MrAhrenSean lol! ok ok it is a little absurd... lol but my mini and open toe heels won't make it in this weather
ID	3	@NewMoon_addict yeah like super short  I guess I'll just have to hold my breath till Sunday.
ID	2	slightly burnt challah  The proof is in the eatin', though...
ID	4	lost my keys at the mall... took me 45 mins to find them
ID	4	@yelyahwilliams Noooooooooooooooooooooooooo! You can't do that
ID	2	Why would someone even do something like that, you gotta be pretty damn desperate for attention!!! lol poor keanu
ID	4	Whuuurrrrr - glands really swollen now. Guess the weekend's a blow out.
ID	4	nothing good on TV
ID	2	My dog is sick. I love that little doggie. He's usually so keen and happy, but he doesn't even want to go for a run in the forest today.
ID	0	@raerica what?really? That sucks  http://myloc.me/20Yy
ID	1	@raerica what?really? That sucks  http://myloc.me/20Yy
ID	4	@RedStarFuture awww NO. you're not ugly.
ID	4	@allysonrobinson ...as well as bell hooks Teaching to Transgress.  Sometimes I miss teaching &amp; messing with bad system.
ID	2	@karate_Kid congrats; im still jobless
ID	4	@moonfrye Working extra hours...
ID	2	@loveeamber @item84jeremy it sucks no matter where you are! I'm gonna freakin be late for work!
ID	2	@dimensionmedia @refreshboca? what is this? is everyone abandoning me?        ;-)
ID	2	@Impala_Guy Yeah unfortunately  The flight is most expensive.....the rest is not so bad - the flight is ca. USD 800 - 900,--
ID	2	@MamaKimi  hope he is ok!
ID	2	LOVED &quot;Drag Me To Hell&quot; and &quot;Up&quot;...yeah my Spend the Day Studying plan didn't happen
ID	3	Jsut F*@#$%&amp; got off work at Carowinds and am DEAD ASS TIRED!!!
ID	3	Grrr! My internet will be up and running next Wed  at least now I have a def. Answer!
ID	2	Moses and his girlfriend broke up!
ID	2	@MissTinaYao yea. I was off today luv. I shudve told u.   anything exciting happen yet. And I saw u last night
ID	2	Feeling awful, new medication is making me nauseous
ID	4	Great first impressions about the little netbook- they only downside is there is no access hatch to upgrade the RAM
ID	2	@BBBaumgartner  sad day. I was lucky enough to realize it before I got out of the parking lot.
ID	4	Just saw up with my favorites and surprisingly it was way too sad
ID	4	@don_iain well my team couldn't
ID	4	i have no followers
ID	2	Sad that Gmail chat has died, so I can't help @natalidelconte
ID	4	Its an undeniable truth.  I suck at talking to people.  No good at making a connection.  i come off as either strange or distant
ID	3	Hmm...what to make for dinner tonight???  No clue.  Don't feel like cooking anything    Hubby wants to go away tonight.
ID	4	It's Hollie spelt with an 'ie' not a y!! She made me cry on BGT tonight  Gxx
ID	3	@staceyviera I know. I was hoping to meet you tonite  &amp; I just found out a few min ago that we have a mutual friend Cuong H.
ID	4	iigghhtt, just fur geet it. idc. idk. eh blah ugh. blah idk... hah..=] um yah.. immboredddd, ugh  ill just fuckitt
ID	4	How did I give birth to a SCREAMER?? I hate screaming children!! I guess I hate screaming children besides my own, now.
ID	2	@BrandonJhon something we all need sometime
ID	0	Sunburn hurts!
ID	1	Sunburn hurts!
ID	2	i don't feeeel good. :/ my head hurts. and i have too much homework to do.  schools no fun. :p hehe
ID	2	Anyone have some advice??? I need it!!
ID	4	Yea!  Headed home to change and head over to Pelham.  Sad thought... suposed to be heading over there for the NKOTB concert...
ID	2	@Japes_76 haha.  weird?!?  no sunshine for us
ID	4	I love summer, but I oddly don't want this school year to end.
ID	0	I think the UPS web site hates me now. Still no Brewing supply package.  Held hostage at work by slow UPS delivery
ID	1	I think the UPS web site hates me now. Still no Brewing supply package.  Held hostage at work by slow UPS delivery
ID	2	@flyersonthefly http://twitpic.com/45r61 -  saddest thing i've seen a while
ID	2	@x_crazyangel oh noooo, did he not get through?
ID	2	Sorry if I'm confusing anyone. I keep forgetting to @reply. The desktop Twitterific  is not so terrific  Very different from iPhone app.
ID	2	@maraslj I miss you already   come visit me pleeeeease
ID	4	@yourboogiegirl DUDE. same.  it hurts
ID	4	@falselove OH THAT'S GOOD! My top 4 are: The Haunted House/Sound one; Bakery; Inside Ralphie's body; &amp; ..... I FORGET!!
ID	4	@Gracious_Greta That is so not good.  Your box is worth way more than that!
ID	0	@ShannonDae really? I hate the mobile twitter..its hard to tweet with a sidekick
ID	1	@ShannonDae really? I hate the mobile twitter..its hard to tweet with a sidekick
ID	4	Doh. In a rush to get to the Puma Open and I just got pulled over. So sad.
ID	4	@Impala_Guy In the past it was ok but since ive got my own appartment, my own car........its very difficult to save the money
ID	4	@yagulmez yea i just got outta one too....i want him back tho  but i feel the same way...i'm cool on dudes for a lil while
ID	2	I just stuck my finger down my throat and there are a bunch of bumps on my tongue &amp; throat.
ID	4	Today is a sad day for Tucson: http://tr.im/mQ39 I shall miss the sour cream apple pie, fondue, and separate seating for groups with dogs
ID	3	dared to go back and look at that vid I made - I may take it down
ID	2	mail came, still no inFAMOUS
ID	0	frustrated by my stupid iPhone I need a blackberry!!!!
ID	1	frustrated by my stupid iPhone I need a blackberry!!!!
ID	2	Darts and lunch at Horse Brass... but no beer for me  http://bmap.us/2134
ID	3	@Lilayy YES.I loved Disney...and I still do haha.How karazzzy is that?But I've never been to Disney....blah!!
ID	2	@jonsedar I'm jealous. I have so let it slip what with the baby and all. Not sure I could even do a half right now
ID	3	at home. didn't see the Bloody movie, full booked  but Night at the museum was fun though.
ID	4	@JoeyArceo yeah, but no new material.
ID	2	i cant sleep, i dont deserve this .... N you know it
ID	2	OUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.........that really hurt!!!
ID	3	@arikhanson I think YOUR blog should've been on the list
ID	4	@ACMcWhale really good, but it's definitely not a 12's. So many people getting burned alive
ID	2	@sunleo727 I'll stop by for a bit when I'm off.  But have to rush to rehearsal - no quiet for me tonight.
ID	4	@AnimalBehavior_ sorry  i dead ass was gonna do that
ID	4	Been a beautiful day today i love the sunshine, missing my man though he is away all weekend  xxxx
ID	2	@EidolonNight That's kinda sad. And they're poking me while they're at it. Huh.
ID	4	plans got ruined no blackstone  going to carnival tomorrow if the weather is good
ID	0	I hate watching the News. Why do such awful things happen?
ID	1	I hate watching the News. Why do such awful things happen?
ID	3	@opalbonfante Wonderful! Let me know what you think. Not light reading
ID	2	@Amanda_Holden I must admit though, part of me didn't want her to get through so she wouldn't have to put herself through all that again.
ID	2	@exorre Our raid leader made us run drills to practice switching
ID	3	Back to Work
ID	4	@xoxoJennxoxox I feel lost...  I keep running (in my head) from staring faces.. haha. basically:Headache &amp; eyes hurt
ID	2	Wondering if i cld make things any worse than they already are... answer.. JUST DID!!!
ID	3	@rosskie good luck!!  OH and I are playing inthe mixed knockout this week. Playing the pros 14yr old son playing off 5 &amp; top woman off 6
ID	2	after 5pm and no email. looks like i'll be waiting at least until monday. boo.
ID	4	facebook is being a bitch
ID	4	Sad because i cant go over my friends house
ID	4	Yep, lost my bet to chris
ID	4	Messed on these   But I'm makin' it right! @taraellis19, @dontennant, @elikamahony Best Holy Day wishes to you all!
ID	2	just found out my friend's dad passed away yesterday
ID	4	why do i even bother anymore? Everyone is makin me feel like im a waste of space
ID	2	Been job hunting for days. Media and non-media jobs. No lucky  Anyone know of anything???
ID	4	I feel like last night was a dream... Well I guess I should say nightmare.
ID	4	It's not gonna happen again
ID	4	attempting to count the days till i return to canada...theres alot of them
ID	2	@LezmirandaPOW *humming* hmmm hmmm hmmmm hmmmmmm Touched for the verry first time..... Hmmmm hmmmm hmmm hmm hmm mmm mmmmm ......
ID	2	I really should be doing something more productive, why am I not there yet?
ID	3	Just got a call from my Realtor saying I have another showing on Sunday. No offers yet  but at least there is a lot of interest.
ID	2	@beccaschlagen Oh no!  I hope you find your kitten
ID	3	@skotcarruth i like it
ID	2	@McFrezco - whoa. &quot;sack chasing whores&quot; ? that is soo out of character for you to say that...  bring back my sweet Superman
ID	4	i am braid free  i miss thee ... BLOND HERE I COME!!
ID	4	I'm so sad, really really sad
ID	2	@xScarlett_x How did your Geo ISU go? I swear I just had the worse day ever..
ID	4	i really cant take this.
ID	2	@chasingsunshine I'm sorry, but you wrote that on a blackberry which means you loose any respect i had for you
ID	2	Waking up way to late = bad.  Getting yelled at for it later = worse.
ID	3	@snowed_in I loved that movie! And I miss Raul Julia.
ID	2	Damnit Day 26 is at Northpark mall..I use to live near there  someone steal Mike for meeee!
ID	2	I hate how MS makes me feel. I can't control my legs 2nite &amp; am in too much pain - it's driving me crazy  Anyone else get those moments?!!
ID	3	I need some DRANK &amp; &quot;GRAPE KONTAKT&quot; from my girlies  lol SOOOO SERIOUS!
ID	3	@TheNewMachine Haha. Yep. Ya got me
ID	2	no one wants a #VirtualKiss
ID	3	I had my galaxy..and god it was good!!  Where has everyone gone..twitters gone a bit quiet  xxxxx
ID	3	@DFS_Ellen and she's 9.5 and a rescue.. bad hips.    She deserves pampering!  She's full of life though!!
ID	2	Didn't get chance to pick up my copy of Guitar Hero: Metallic yet
ID	2	Yesterday I didn't do much because I was just lazy, but today I don't feel so good.
ID	4	@jonathanrknight  still no direct message for me. what the hell am I complaining about? i'll c ya in 27. if u don't answer i'll ask in 5*.
ID	2	Why do i never get to see my paychecks? It's not fair, the second i get them they're gone!
ID	2	@asco will the presentations be available online during the meeting?  The poster discussants are going so fast I can't write fast enough
ID	4	EMO moment!!  Just said good bye to my best friends EVER! But we'll meet again for sure!
ID	4	OMggg. i just heard someone is gonna die on the new season of the secret life of the american teenager  noooo.
ID	0	As if the day couldn't get any worse! Am once again an involuntary audio audience to the (not so) domestic bliss emanating from next door
ID	1	As if the day couldn't get any worse! Am once again an involuntary audio audience to the (not so) domestic bliss emanating from next door
ID	4	@theycallmeTAP http://bit.ly/3oRh6 &lt;&lt; i miss music like this
ID	0	@TalentAgentLA unfort, i can't DM you b/c ur not following me
ID	1	@TalentAgentLA unfort, i can't DM you b/c ur not following me
ID	3	@ThelovelyJ lmao back in queens now
ID	4	my little sister told me i have a double chin  aww
ID	4	surgery effin hurts
ID	3	@ScotDale i dont, i'm not allowed to vote  perants complain about the cost so dont let me vote. but i love his act its just so different
ID	3	At least it's Friday...working 'til 1:30AM
ID	2	I was expecting the sun to come out today. I guess that's not happening.
ID	0	@walksthesehills i will push it into the sea for you
ID	1	@walksthesehills i will push it into the sea for you
ID	2	@konst4nt1ne im sick  if i wasnt, id be at the show with ya!
ID	2	My boyfriend just broke his wrist, now he might need surgery  im so nervous
ID	3	just saw UP  it was a cute movie (:passed by a place called a peasants kitchen. wtf? that names kinda sad
ID	4	@Jesusfreak1900 probably.  sucks for you.
ID	2	@scottisafool  I had a analog tuner the MC team gave me few years ago. No inbox drivers, but WU handled it. WU drivers were pulled in Jan
ID	2	I need help Twitter world! Orange theraflu pills...are those going to be the drowsy or non drowsy?
ID	4	I hate when a program freezes during installation.
ID	2	Omg, little kids with cancer is the saddest thing ever
ID	2	@mileycyrus i thought i was your best friend
ID	2	FATTY! omg i just found the worst shit out and idk what to do i need to talk to you!! hopefully i see you when you get off work.  its badd
ID	2	@ChrisGBaillie aaaawwww wont yr brother blip things for you  LOL
ID	4	miss him way to much... just cnt stop thinking of him   nite nite folkkz...
ID	0	Oh insomnia, I hate you. I'm bored of staring at my ceiling, cano go sleepnow please?
ID	1	Oh insomnia, I hate you. I'm bored of staring at my ceiling, cano go sleepnow please?
ID	2	OCHH ive got blister on my foot over the sun today its soo sore  i supose yas dnt care hah just thaught i tweet it anyways
ID	3	cookies and milk to make me feel better. thanks babe. still recuperating from last night.   http://yfrog.com/13izrj
ID	4	i'm a little sad that school ended today i'm moving so i'm going to miss all my new friends from this year.    just got a hair cut
ID	2	 miss my future,  wanna see her   for damn sure don't wanna wait til monday
ID	2	@jamieaiken919 *JEALOUS* I desperately wanna go shopping, but alas, I have no cash.
ID	0	There are bugs attacking my laptop
ID	1	There are bugs attacking my laptop
ID	4	At drs again
ID	4	rec game....trying not to cry...the pain is to much..i need him...can't lose him &lt;/3...my heart is breakingg
ID	2	@juliestrialtrib so sorry to hear that
ID	3	@Hooded how come? i want pizza
ID	4	@Amanduuhhh Omg same here! They hurt so much
ID	4	@hardrockchick super but I caught a cold on the plane.  not as far forward in line as I'd like, but the extra sleep was dearly needed.
ID	4	i'm so hungry
ID	2	I don't remember the last movie I saw in the theatre, and that makes me really sad
ID	2	@Carolz_S I know McFly gonna be in Brazil  Say them hello!!!...I wanna be there
ID	2	@xXSam_01Xx   dont leave us !!! whats up ? xxx
ID	3	Home from China &amp; back to work
ID	2	@garycford I gotta say, I feel bad for everyone in NKorea.  They're starving, and they have a crazy in charge who endangers them daily.
ID	2	I want to change my twitter name but I can't think of anything
ID	2	Feel hurt. in car. gonna watch a funny movie. someone talk
ID	2	I hear it's a scorcher back home - all we've got here are clouds  Back in the studio, maybe if we're lucky we might get 2 songs done 2day!
ID	4	@arikhanson Shoot! I voted and somehow looked over yours ... boo hiss. Forgive me   Have a great weekend Arik.
ID	4	@hummingbird604 @brendonjwilson @gregeh But @LeftCoastMama is right: This is like the Cape Breton coal mines but ++. No lessons learned.
ID	2	@PotFace sorry i didnt reply earlier  i feel better now.
ID	2	sighs. where's my candy
ID	4	Back to the freaking homework.
ID	4	@mikki_kayla02 MEEEEEE TOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!! I'm gonna be SO disappointed if it's just season 7.
ID	4	My brain hurts
ID	4	@joenkobema73 what's wrong? How come u in pain?
ID	4	missed Britains got talent    gutted.
ID	2	i dont know what gonna do on my lame fridaay  maybe see me with my besties!!
ID	3	@travelingcircus Oooh you just spoiled my teenage fantasy
ID	2	Awe i feel so left out
ID	4	maaaaan last night was a funny night! sad aswell tho
ID	2	I am sad today
ID	2	@annief1 had a panic with the car .....
ID	0	@Mahalat Sorry. Not unemployed.
ID	1	@Mahalat Sorry. Not unemployed.
ID	4	it's sunny but i'm bored  sad call or text me
ID	0	Just saw my boo he went back to work now time to do my hair but it's going to rain WTF
ID	1	Just saw my boo he went back to work now time to do my hair but it's going to rain WTF
ID	4	I could live off of mediterranean food for the rest of my life. I miss home
ID	4	@lilxcutiesworld He played the song but didn't send it out as a request
ID	2	history project
ID	4	i'm kinda sad of being alone all the time i miss my brother  and my friends suck i mean no one has even called me in 2 weeks
ID	4	@_CorruptedAngel my god, really! Really? 50? Christ
ID	3	Ok, so I know it's nearly 10:30pm here but @martylyn made me want some ice cream... I can't get the Italian stuff though
ID	2	@markhoppus aww mark  that makes me sad I got mine on presale.
ID	3	Have to wait till Friday to pick up my Visa for China- not as expedited as I would have hoped, but at it's done   #geeksonaplane
ID	4	@emo_zaboo its ok, it just hurts abit i thought i was doing a good job... if i was rude to people i could understand...  x
ID	0	@PreciousLittle so jealous
ID	1	@PreciousLittle so jealous
ID	2	Happy its the weekend...LOVE has knocked me down ya'll!!!
ID	3	@changedforgood Aww that sucks   It wasn't that long though but Dianne was SO cute as usual &lt;3 Hopeflly some1 mite put it on youtube :S
ID	4	@crust123 there's just no air
ID	3	@Sparkly_Devil1 Big Brother quiz?  What?!  I'm too busy rocking out on Guitar Hero, I didn't notice any such thing
ID	2	ug i think i blew my phone interview  i like them!
ID	2	what a day!!! motorways and trains noooootttttttt fun
ID	4	@eddyizm Do you not like turtles?
ID	2	has finally got some Zyrtec for this terrible allergy attack.    I hope it doesn't put me to sleep before the game comes on tonight.
ID	2	@cyrusbaby I miss you...  come over and say bye before I leave!!
ID	3	@Gernika Had lunch at Bittercreek, they were out of Hopnoxious  Had Sweetgrass IPA tho, so all is still right in the world.
ID	3	@TMills130 aaawww  no worries fresh start to work on growing it out again
ID	2	Not looking forward to the upcoming week...My better half will be gone all that time! It's TRULY GONNA SUCK BIG TIME!
ID	2	Didn't realize Animal Kingdom closes so early at 5:00 today. Now I'm stick in the exit traffic
ID	3	I'm a senior. I should of been already.
ID	2	srsly, BGT, joke maaan. how lame. ughhhh work tomorah have to get up early
ID	2	My foot still hurts from stepping on a spider...owwwwww
ID	2	@SEGA small? we cant choose?
ID	3	Oh god! The cheesy disco music has started and everyone is getting up on the tables  i need more wine...
ID	2	So jealous im not at asylum right now
ID	2	Starting my 2nd shift! Im going to miss like an hour of the lakers game!
ID	3	Welcome to Minnesoooooooota.  Free up some time this trip to catch up! Won't be at Cliquot Club though; they closed
ID	0	@toriigwyn i want chinese food really baaad.
ID	1	@toriigwyn i want chinese food really baaad.
ID	3	Today is lame because I am not in Orlando  I am soooo looking forward to NEXT friday
ID	3	@ravefamous who will we make fun  of?!?!
ID	3	Was supposeddd to hang out with al but her mommy wont let her  now what to dooo? Blah. Hahaha
ID	3	@hp5freak Awww, it does remind me of getting ready for the ball.
ID	2	@Ponyless soz i neva saw this message till now...if u add then delete me i cant see any messages uve left on my page
ID	0	@erickajonasbby aw poor u   DON'T let her get 2 u just ignore her n keep ur head held high she iz just immature lil girl lol
ID	1	@erickajonasbby aw poor u   DON'T let her get 2 u just ignore her n keep ur head held high she iz just immature lil girl lol
ID	4	@PembsDave lmao im gutted cos it didnt come out right
ID	4	Last 3 days of school....I'm sad but happy but anxious.....
ID	3	@colbertobsessed  I was lucky, my mom paid for everything for me. I'll take you shopping!
ID	4	stupid Folkestone cinema is only showing Star Trek 3 times, damn them
ID	4	@mrinklin i have started saving my Tumblr drafts because that happened to me this week and i was so sad
ID	4	@marijo008 no he sabido nada de ti, this is making me a bit sad I must say!
ID	0	In a period of exams days are for study and nights for study and sleep... no funny time...
ID	1	In a period of exams days are for study and nights for study and sleep... no funny time...
ID	0	@hptwilighter I'm dying to read it!  I hate England.
ID	1	@hptwilighter I'm dying to read it!  I hate England.
ID	4	im sick,youre sick. imy
ID	4	She is beautiful @webduck. But don't feel badly. Some neaby grans see grandkids about the same amt.   Can't go to them = out of luck
ID	4	@TheeRealFDHC Welcome to Glasgow Felix, sorry I cant be there tonight
ID	3	Looking to sketch final catwalk outfit, i really REALLY want my long pink hair back. i also want to dye my models hair pink not allowed
ID	4	@lilyroseallen britains got talent is rather disappointing this year
ID	3	missing bham
ID	2	No more spending the day chatting with Steve on the computer   Now what I am I going to do at work?
ID	2	OPS sorry  Queen Mom
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/67jzp McFly concerts through the years [H]... Don't have my '06 one though  :/
ID	0	I'm really mad at the world today. Today is just a sucky day.
ID	1	I'm really mad at the world today. Today is just a sucky day.
ID	4	My sister is having a stupid party &amp;&amp; I wanna hang out with my friends, but hilly won't txt me back...
ID	4	I want some pineapple! I miss my baby
ID	2	@AmBamThankYaMam so i spoke too soon.... &amp; my weekend may be delayed for like 20 more min  aaaah i gottaaa get outttt of here b4 i lose it
ID	0	ah my tummy hurts  damn starbucks sugar/chocolate/caffeine
ID	1	ah my tummy hurts  damn starbucks sugar/chocolate/caffeine
ID	4	My sunburn itches  ouch
ID	3	@Drlebron - Welcome to Minnesoooooooota. Free up some time this trip to catch up! Won't be at Cliquot Club though; they closed
ID	4	@karamat If only we could ever actually be allowed to stay here and do that
ID	4	Oh no it's storming... gotta get off the computer.
ID	3	@Applecored its like a little adventure, only Im kinda worried about her, and I cant take the bus to where she is cos my oyster is broken
ID	2	gear troubles all day long!
ID	2	@Shamoneyy I wish my mouth wud lemme chew all tht.. Pause...I def wud love some of that..
ID	3	Im really in the mood to go on a date
ID	2	the tummy monster hates me
ID	4	@nickwall0 Im not bannished... but I am at work till 6
ID	2	wow my grandma passed away....I'm too sick to even think, I know she's in a better place now
ID	0	@caniszczyk Agreed! Though Eclipse apps hinder collecting the heap dump by catching OOME. Had to muck about in JConsole
ID	1	@caniszczyk Agreed! Though Eclipse apps hinder collecting the heap dump by catching OOME. Had to muck about in JConsole
ID	0	Mobile phone check-in? Another fail! American's service came close, but crashed at the gate. I'm now 0 for 3.
ID	1	Mobile phone check-in? Another fail! American's service came close, but crashed at the gate. I'm now 0 for 3.
ID	4	@annejsimmons Just the mother of all bad days
ID	4	i think they are working why eyes are drooping  its so weird being under drugs i dont like it ... cant wait for tomorrow though
ID	3	Cupcakes, creme brulee, tiramisu~ I want some sugar
ID	4	Seriously Bored Now!!!
ID	2	needs a new job either closer to home or worth the drive
ID	4	@AKDB Tell me about it
ID	2	i wonder if there is a life after Alzheimer's caring. beyond despair. poverty sux but commerce is futile. there is no description. mommy
ID	4	@Sandy_B_ Shes bad they won't sort her out and is in a lot of pain
ID	4	Oh yeah, this is why I don't like waking up early.  Around mid-day I get all tired.
ID	3	@showingmyassets no happy hour for me today
ID	0	Hates that my a.c doesn't work! Its so hot
ID	1	Hates that my a.c doesn't work! Its so hot
ID	3	@TheoLykos OMG I WANT TO GO TO THE BEACH!!!
ID	4	@julierubes I won't be at the game.  Found out too late.
ID	3	Zach G. gets an extensive profile in this weekend's NY Times Magazine. The chances of us falling in love are getting fewer and fewer.
ID	0	Assembling/ figuring out this new alarm daddy gave me - SOOO loud  I think I blew out my ear drum
ID	1	Assembling/ figuring out this new alarm daddy gave me - SOOO loud  I think I blew out my ear drum
ID	2	Work is an evil whore. That doesn't let me check my text messages
ID	4	@SUPERRZAAAP i forgot the yardsale event! ooh how pity i am
ID	4	@themakelounge -- No fair, I want a sticker but I just moved away from London
ID	3	@formicadinette - Yipe! I'm sorry to hear that
ID	3	Im so excited about the MTV movie awards!!!  even though I won't be there   I can't wait to watch them on tv and I hope...
ID	3	@AustinWise Part of an AR-15. Actually the only part of one that qualifies as a gun. You have to be 21 to buy them without parts on them.
ID	4	i've got nothing witty to tweet
ID	4	Have to work today.  http://plurk.com/p/x2rt8
ID	2	@JodiOKeefee what on earth happened to wentworth's page?!? i'm devastated, as i'm sure ALL of his fans are!
ID	4	Greg Pritchard was ROBBED of a place in the final of BGT... Cry baby bitch-face got through instead
ID	4	oh my god!!! i cried so much!!! watch this guys from BGT  http://bit.ly/5t5Xz
ID	4	got to clean the bathroom today.
ID	4	@BTV_SUPRNATURAL  ok thanx very much u can send me the answer by private mail if u like but would be sooo cool wish i was in birmingham
ID	0	I feel like poop. I hate being sick
ID	1	I feel like poop. I hate being sick
ID	3	@Coffee_Brown theres a holy version of hell? lol...i cant stop. i need for it to be a trending topic!  be nice (*whispering #redmango)lol
ID	4	@wendica I checked.  We didn't win
ID	0	@richcav Yes, they can, but the selection is arbitrarily and severely limited because of nonstandardized copyright laws.
ID	1	@richcav Yes, they can, but the selection is arbitrarily and severely limited because of nonstandardized copyright laws.
ID	2	@mareyachristina haha i shaved all my facial hair off except for my moustache cause i thought it would be cool! But it made me look gross
ID	0	im so not feelinq this huqe ass pimple smack in the middle of my doom. it aint riqht man
ID	1	im so not feelinq this huqe ass pimple smack in the middle of my doom. it aint riqht man
ID	2	Just lost my internet signal  how will life go on
ID	4	@honorsociety luvvv it- but one aquestion-why isn't there any full moon crazy tour date for toronto!?!?!?!!??!
ID	4	i just watched Marley &amp; Me...i cried so hard!
ID	4	just missed to answer his IM AGAIN! For the nth time! This is making me sad.  Whenever he IM (which is all the time), I am always out.
ID	4	@RobbieBarnes No Sky. Terrestrial analogue only
ID	0	@lexiloohoo ugh! Fuck it. Today doesn't look like it's going to work  i'm sorry
ID	1	@lexiloohoo ugh! Fuck it. Today doesn't look like it's going to work  i'm sorry
ID	4	I'm craving something salty in my mouth!  Tired of pretzels tho.
ID	4	aww, anyone see hollie steel on BGT tonight? wharra shame
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/67k9w - - My besties. If only @DemtriaLovato was there.
ID	4	Is there a way I can sleep for the next 8 or 9 days? That way when I wake up, she'll have returned &amp; I wouldn't have missed her SO MUCH!
ID	2	@willnoon I believe the address is 300 Ottawa Ave. NW, Grand Rapids, MI (Calder Plaza), wish I could've seen you guys last night or today
ID	4	@MalcolmMillion nah i understand you cant cancel i just wanted you to come
ID	2	AP: North Korea could opt for devastating land assault... http://tinyurl.com/nmg9ht (via @Drudge_Report) Scary talk to say the least.  mm
ID	2	@therealpickler hey kellie,how are u?I FEEL HORRIBLE!
ID	3	Annoyed  greg diddnt go through  i guess well done holly
ID	4	@honorsociety i like it and all butttt your not going to have it at the august 7th concert which hurts my feelers
ID	4	I am so sick and tired of this on and off rain
ID	3	@aduquette I know. It's not hard to NOT click reply.  Sorry to hear about the possible stomach condition  Sucks to deal with.
ID	4	@nataliejanette Im so jealous that Im not going to blogher
ID	2	AHHHHHHHH!I can't get miley to notice me......
ID	4	@LisaTayl My stay was great! BUT my mother gave me the cold/flu before I left and I still have a cough...
ID	3	im cleaning listening to fiona apple then off to a birthday party!!!!!! i cant believe that im 25 already
ID	2	i dont know what to do on my lame fridaay  maybe go out with my besties!!
ID	4	It's 10.30pm on a Friday night and I'm going to bed. How pathetic.
ID	4	@leirastorm  That's sucky. We'll miss you being on.
ID	3	@ItsIan ohhh your soo lucky it is nice out. Here it is rainy and humid.
ID	4	jazzy we should be in vegas w A team
ID	2	To cap things off, the lower part of my back really hurts.
ID	2	@arsenal_fann coming up! Sowwy!
ID	2	what an awkward day. it sucked
ID	3	Heyy.thnxx.or.inviting.me.to.ur.party.rob.ill.be.down.there.on.june.24th.ill.miss.u.when.u.go.to.italy....   &lt;333333333 txt.me.hon!!!
ID	4	@jerrib247 sorry mom! I didn't mean to. I shouldn't have tweeted that, you are already having a hard day  Love you!
ID	3	@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/624qo - but a brown snake bit my duck named Elvis  anyway ahaha Elvis is soo cutee!! And so is Nicho ...
ID	4	Ohh boy my babys tooth came out !
ID	0	Princess Sakura is MINE  therefor i want to use it on TJ! grr
ID	1	Princess Sakura is MINE  therefor i want to use it on TJ! grr
ID	2	I am in so much pain I really don't feel too good. Couldn't eat my dinner
ID	2	@astropix Yeah I just accepted UBC's offer last night, but I dunno if I'll still make it in because I've been slacking off a lot lately.
ID	4	@ludwikc broken  I can't c it
ID	3	@NicoleApparatus no you can't. no you can't.   i'm just kidding. that was mean. i love you.
ID	0	@FlittyGadabout I'm not a hobo.
ID	1	@FlittyGadabout I'm not a hobo.
ID	4	Loving the new skype! Especially for someone like me who lives half a world away from home!
ID	2	@mikki_kayla02 Sorry! I didn't mean to ruin the rest of your day
ID	4	on my way to work. I'M SO HUNGRY!
ID	2	My big mistake for today is falling asleep while i got lots of things to do
ID	4	@DubarryMcfly really has anyone got through to the finals yet? yeah was it i was stuck in class for most of it  loveyoufletch xxxx
ID	4	now its raining in PHL and more delays in the flight schedule - bummed that I will be missing Jay Leno's last tonight's show today...
ID	2	@ShabbyGomer wish we could have surprised them and gone to H, but just couldn't work it out.
ID	2	@Jonasbrothers @ddlovato you are disappointing me......
ID	2	@HerMonkeyMan I don't think @JazzyHale22 will want to come back  (guys read your dms)
ID	4	Working 930a-730p today. 1.5 hour lunch..8.5 hours work. Overtime = good. The fact that I'm already dead tired = very bad.
ID	3	Back @ home AGAIN .. bathing kids, ironing clothes for hubby .. nephew's graduation tonight! I remember when he was 2!
ID	4	mummy i need you
ID	2	@JonnyRadtke i'll miss you when i go to future kill hannah shows
ID	4	went to see the dentist. can't eat and im starving. really sucks.  and ist's painful.
ID	4	have to change practice pools, someone threw up in our normal pool
ID	2	ha im so glad it stopped raining.  my umbrella broke today
ID	2	Is trying to recover from a broken heart....yet again for the 2nd or 3rd time
ID	4	did crossfit running today...agitated my right leg
ID	2	have a biiig headache.
ID	0	@heatherofficial you make people drink petrol and set them on fire? Your not the person i thought you were
ID	1	@heatherofficial you make people drink petrol and set them on fire? Your not the person i thought you were
ID	3	Bout 2 Miss Mah Lakers Play 2day...  This Orange Box Is Fuckin Up The Rotation!.. Mah Real LA Fam.. Keep Me Posted!.. I LOVE HATERS 2!!
ID	4	@MFarrugia I never was good at platform games...
ID	2	I have started to fear weekends since joining German classes
ID	4	@ninjabetic Oh no!!    Hope they get you in soon and can make you feel all better.  Hugs from the other coast!!
ID	4	just went to the dentist my mouth hurts and I can't eat until 8
ID	3	Two week extension on contract ... I'm ready for it to be done
ID	4	ahh sore throat and tired. want to go back to bed. but have work
ID	2	I am pretty confused.. leaving is the best option and I know it will benefit me.. but I don't want to leave behind what I truely love
ID	0	Birthday tomorrow. Doing jack shit all weekend
ID	1	Birthday tomorrow. Doing jack shit all weekend
ID	4	@lexiloohoo i'm sorry  today's been nothing but a fucking heartbreak
ID	0	woke up way later than I intended to today  Need to start getting to bed before 5 a.m. b/c this will be a bad habit to break later
ID	1	woke up way later than I intended to today  Need to start getting to bed before 5 a.m. b/c this will be a bad habit to break later
ID	2	I wish my cats were indoor cats.
ID	2	this darn cold just keeps getting worse  i bought some hayfever pills just to try out maybe i've had that all along
ID	4	Well it's official I have strep
ID	3	@CoffeebreakDMV so afraid my daughter's gonna write a memoir where i'm some ungodly mix of Miles &amp; Betty Davis in All About Eve
ID	4	no one calls me anymore
ID	4	is on her way to Seattle! Yay for Seattle, boo for Matt leaving.
ID	4	@Itxi_Itx no credits for me unfortunately!
ID	3	@mileycyrus i wish i could meet you once  do u think this will happen someday? :'(
ID	4	Best friend is leaving to go back to school today..I am so sad
ID	2	late for @mobicamp  sick kid at home, hope she feels better later tonite
ID	0	@thatdude356 someone hates me
ID	1	@thatdude356 someone hates me
ID	4	Sunburn hurts...
ID	3	Cough drops taste gross...blaaaqhhh
ID	4	I dont like this random gloomy weather
ID	2	@MeccaDonna  well hit me and we can see...it depends then
ID	2	The random article generator on Wikipedia led me to: http://bit.ly/EMtcw which I remember playing before. I never got past the 1st level
ID	2	@riskybizness23 You never write back babe.... my feelings are hurt
ID	0	I have to go clothes shopping tomorrow  I hate it, but I have a serious &quot;clothes falling apart&quot; situation here.
ID	1	I have to go clothes shopping tomorrow  I hate it, but I have a serious &quot;clothes falling apart&quot; situation here.
ID	2	plus it hurts seeing sum1 you love falling for someone else!  not even kidding im wellllllllllllll gutted. xx xx
ID	4	wishes people wouldn't be so stubborn sometimes.
ID	3	The heat is here!!!
ID	4	Whoa, I didn't mean to sleep for more than an hour
ID	4	@misscherrypie  I wish you could get back in yours!! I'm thinking only 16 hours a week out of the bubble would be okay?!
ID	4	is feeling rather lonely and broke...oh wait...I am lonely and broke.
ID	0	Q: what happens when you don't marry your ex? A: you dont get a ring, therefore ending up with NOTHING to pawn when u need $$
ID	1	Q: what happens when you don't marry your ex? A: you dont get a ring, therefore ending up with NOTHING to pawn when u need $$
ID	3	I wanna see that movie &quot;Keith&quot; with JMcCartney in it! It looks sooo good. But none of the video stores here carry it
ID	3	Looks like rain again  Oh well, it will give me a chance to work on a new crochet pattern I have in the works.
ID	3	Getting all annoyed cos this weekend's going to be hot. I'm bloody working
ID	3	@scaldara HAHAHA i only have the groundhog to play with
ID	4	@Flossalini no panasonic charger.sorry
ID	4	He didnt leave a voicemail..  -121908inlove(:
ID	4	@DenyButterflies Omg. I am so sorry. Sorry, I never know what to say
ID	2	Back from the gym! I'm no expert or anything, but I'm pretty sure I am not going to be able to move tomorrow, maybe even in a few hours!!
ID	2	Last day at DMA over!     a million sad faces.
ID	4	Just drove by fisher and I feel so sad
ID	3	@princess4lyfe I hear you. I can't think of a layout either.  lol I've been trying for i dont know how long.
ID	2	Going to buffalo wild wings to meet up with my best friends I haven't seen in forever! Too bad I can't eat the food
ID	4	@siirensiiren meagan rochelle &quot;the one u need&quot; i would say &quot;cater 2 u&quot; by he didnt produce that.
ID	2	i am on BLAZE and my head hurts.
ID	0	@notbeaverhausen I want to hit that
ID	1	@notbeaverhausen I want to hit that
ID	2	oh, not just his IMs, but also from all my friends who IM me! This really sucks, I am always not around!
ID	2	@mileycyrus i thght i voted bt i dnt think it workd!  Whats the link 2 vote for u! Nobody deserves it more than u do. Ur so talented. I&lt;3U
ID	2	don't feel good
ID	2	@BananasMel Tried and no good but thanks anyway.   Off to youtube world.
ID	2	I wanna feel my chin
ID	2	had best get revising over da weekend got an exam on Monday for 2 hours!!!!!!!
ID	4	It is so miserably hot, the a/c in my house is broken
ID	4	got beat by super LARRYonation
ID	3	@InLoveWithJonas Hey, I made us a house on the Sims! Oh and you have like a perfect balance and i'm always lacking stuff like fun etc!
ID	3	@nilsipilsifan Hehe. Yeah, me too.  or I would totally write it. XD
ID	3	@frankietee 4th... Please not! Maybe she'll get 3 attempts and win tomorrow!!
ID	4	@irishjonasfan lol now your making me feel bad for not coming on  lol
ID	2	is allergic to you...Oh NO!
ID	2	My breath is weezy.  No more going to knotts when you've been sick all week.
ID	2	I'm feelin sad, depressed, lonely, unhappy all at once. Rwhats wrong with me
ID	4	@sheistheemily pq vc no pediu amor
ID	0	Feel like crap today   Got a speeding ticket 1st since 5 years...blows!!!!!!!
ID	1	Feel like crap today   Got a speeding ticket 1st since 5 years...blows!!!!!!!
ID	2	My back hurts...really bad
ID	2	@MizSocialite it's 2 big I can't Use it 4 everday use
ID	4	Hello and thank you for all of the #followfridays people. I always forget, sorry
ID	3	to be really really... not bored but bad, i won't now the news  but thats ok. BRB x
ID	2	I have a headache. Also we are dealing with a lice outbreak. My lovely hair has been affected.
ID	0	I'm not sleeping at all until @thisisryanross accepts my appology
ID	1	I'm not sleeping at all until @thisisryanross accepts my appology
ID	2	@receptiongal  hope your day gets better soon!!
ID	2	Wtf i just found out that the 20th annual NJ state chili cookoff is tomorrow and im gonna miss it
ID	0	its raining! boo
ID	1	its raining! boo
ID	3	cba with exams! 17 left!
ID	2	@secretidcrisis Sorry to hear that, dude
ID	2	@SnowVsAsphalt Not at the moment, well i cant find it yet!  LOL
ID	2	It's not monsoon season in Telluride yet, so why does it keep raining everyday?!
ID	4	I just spent 45 minutes at the book store. I only bought one book.
ID	4	missing @justbrad on his birthday
ID	2	@Bells83 Never been to the USA before  It would be great to the cruise/tour next year. Whatever it is its gonna be a blast
ID	4	@beckyhope ahh yeah i get what you mean i have an Alevel retake exam the day after the gig  so yah im pretty stressed!!!
ID	4	to be really really... not bored but bad, i won't know the news  but thats ok. BRB x
ID	3	Cause these stupid people dont have my phone and my tummy herts
ID	4	@SimplyKia o iight we gonna miss you tonight
ID	4	Need to sleep but can't
ID	4	@kimitwi btw i have your report too &gt;:] omg at lunch today we had to move from the HC to the trees cause of the heat &quot;/ all my days suck
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/67kvt - my bestie leah  havent seen her in so long
ID	4	i have officially hit the wall, totally nonfunctionalproductive at work
ID	2	feeling like I'm gonna fall asleep any time now but I can't.
ID	2	Problem with my must do list is: once I write it I usually forget where I've placed it...1st thing on my to do list--find my to do list
ID	4	@mumalot I corrected myself
ID	2	@WeWantNEYOnVibe Knock You Down is playing now...again!!! Cna my day get any better?? I love it!! How r u? Missed u
ID	4	@JasonCalacanis damn I missed the live show, guess I will have to wait till it is available through iTunes
ID	0	crap! tying run is on 2nd!  let's hold em' Raiders!
ID	1	crap! tying run is on 2nd!  let's hold em' Raiders!
ID	2	@dcorsetto Ugh my trousers do that too and I've never found a way to combat it! It's so weird
ID	4	that little boy that drowned yesterday lived in our subdivision and went to nicoles school. so so sad.
ID	2	@iamhuntersmith yep, probably will be... wish you had let me know you were interested... had extra corporate chalet tix and let them go
ID	3	@megan_ftw awh i'm sorry  i'm probably going to do the same thing haha.
ID	0	@katecameron2002 o can't work that one out  pain in the ass them spammers
ID	1	@katecameron2002 o can't work that one out  pain in the ass them spammers
ID	2	from seeing all my koreans buisnesses failing.
ID	2	Hey @itsmskay sorry about your headahce
ID	2	Class until 9:30  yes on a Friday night...
ID	4	@Goatzilla  im not that good yet, my parents still buy me clothes and stuff when i need them &gt;_&gt; but i dont get pocket money anymore
ID	2	@tshirtterrorist no sign yet
ID	2	Where did everyone go?? boo got no-one to twitter on to now  Wonder if I can con some innocent un-suspecting people into talking to me??
ID	2	Trying to calm down kitten.  She is so rowdy.
ID	4	Just heard a single i had been waiting MONTHS to hear....and...im disappointed.
ID	4	@lightsresolve I'm so mad I cant go to that...you're like an hour away from me.
ID	4	probably going to miss Silverstone's race again this season in iRacing , so sad   this track is pure laser scanned awesomeness
ID	2	needs to find SOMETHING to wear to graduation. lol can't find anything!
ID	2	...And omg whats this dirty letter from Danny everyones been on about? Its absolutely none of my business but I still feel left out lol
ID	3	@COVERGIRL6 man i need 2 find a siitter Val still aint fuckin wit me  LOL
ID	2	lighters get lost in remastering the same way socks are lost in the dryer  ? http://blip.fm/~7a6ea
ID	4	@flashyfem Sorry to hear that.  If I didn't already so much planned this weekend, I'd have considered going too.
ID	2	Nooooo! Its going to rain on my birthday
ID	3	Maaaan... it is way too nice outside to be in here working.
ID	2	@LuvToSparkLe oh i hate it when that happens. i when i transfered universities i had a hell of a time transferring my credits! lost a few
ID	2	is sad she is going to miss the Dream Team party... but i didnt RSVP in time.
ID	2	@AYEJILLA &amp; @andrewEMT suck at trying to scare people but are good at killing naps.   http://myloc.me/218m
ID	2	@HalfDeadPrince i always wants those.. but i would look really dumb!
ID	0	is tired if ppl shit talking
ID	1	is tired if ppl shit talking
ID	4	@melroze90210 I KNO!!! im so sad! evry1 is leavin its horrible! im supposed to b happy for summer but i cant ima miss evry1!
ID	4	@drmenlo sorry about Mr Grey, Menlo
ID	2	SB 239K.  Flop A Q 9.  4 players check. Turn 9. I check call 200 bet. River brick. I check call with trip 9's with K kick. He shows A9.
ID	0	@xxJordanx just stop talking if ur gonna be that mean
ID	1	@xxJordanx just stop talking if ur gonna be that mean
ID	4	@SophieChadwick no i didnt! i couldnt get to liverpool today, of all days!  did you?
ID	4	wanted to sleep but a friend from Denmark just poked me on IM
ID	2	@cutebug yeah same here... I have a bit of headache too... ick
ID	0	Ugh. I hate bad grades. 1st time I've ever failed a class and no As- B, B, D, W, I, I! Not like me at all
ID	1	Ugh. I hate bad grades. 1st time I've ever failed a class and no As- B, B, D, W, I, I! Not like me at all
ID	3	really wants to go see AI tonight.
ID	2	@captainflashman wish i could eat pizza, unfortunately it is forbidden here, only low GI, high iron stuff and lots of insulin injections!
ID	2	@Remy_Foster Still not working
ID	4	@atraiocatharsis dont ignore me
ID	2	@RobbieBarnes weaned myself off it
ID	2	So broken now
ID	2	Hmmm.... My whole body feels sore!
ID	4	Rainy day in Philly  looks like it's gonna be a movie night.
ID	2	...wait, I lied.
ID	2	Im worried, not in a happy place right now   Deadline for important discussion 1st June :/
ID	2	sometimes the fact that my health for the lack of a better word SUCKS really scares me
ID	2	my day is starting at 2:38pm. woops  work in less than 3 hours...
ID	3	Hey, @elliotcole Thank you SO much for the #followfriday. I failed miserably to get a list together this week
ID	2	IN PAIN. my big toe got stomped on during the hokey cokeu. it's throbbing. anyone have any suggestions to heal it?
ID	2	man im so sad school is ending  but then again high school might be better :O
ID	2	just picked her kids up from Challenger for the last time.
ID	2	I wanna go home, but I can't cause the customers won't leave... And my boss won't let me leave either
ID	3	Gotta love nasty weatherrrrr. @kileyymariee so jealous ur at knotts
ID	2	I need a haircut. I should not be able to pull my hair into a ponytail.
ID	2	I worked more today than I did yesterday, but my time card says that I worked the same....  oh well... Hello weekend!
ID	4	@MaxLucado WGN in Chicago used to be the calm airing of ideas, but in the last 30 days they changed the programing to sound-bite shouting
ID	2	Currently drinking effervescent Vitamin C. This sore throat is getting worse...
ID	4	@mspixieriot that sucks...wish we could get it there cheaper...   if you're in montreal, there's a cool shop that carries them up there!
ID	4	@SelectedTweets Sorry Ali
ID	2	@TomFelton it wasn't that good tonight  I know DCD though .... I won't say what happened!
ID	3	is getting ready for another makeup baseball game.  Played the same team last night &amp; got run ruled.
ID	2	It appears I'm going home tomorrow...and it's not a good thing...
ID	2	Preston stayed home and I don't know why
ID	4	Has so much to blog, but has no time to
ID	4	Shipwrecked all weekend  license wasn't suspended, it got cancelled. Can't take the risk driving and no one lives near me
ID	4	this is gonna sound really sad &amp; depressing but I really really miss my uncle Sam
ID	4	Not going to graduation, hubby-to-be not feeling well  so instead, doing more job hunting online!
ID	4	sad   Miss my friends !
ID	3	Farewell dinner with my kimmy. Last time i'll see her in a while
ID	4	@_madison that's what you get for abandoning us! I'll miss you.
ID	2	@JennaVonTweet Ohhh french tip! My fave, my nails aren't long enough yet tho  Ill ask the manicurist
ID	4	keep @lulion07 and his family in your prayers. his lil bro jus passed away
ID	2	Why can't my HP use Dell Dock?
ID	4	@jonashelford Kewl, I only got my iPhone and gotta hope it lasts all weekend  Only got a shuffle, might bring that anyways... See ya 8am!
ID	0	@karyaazure WHAT'S WRONG WITH ECHO? NOOOO!    I'll kill that lady!
ID	1	@karyaazure WHAT'S WRONG WITH ECHO? NOOOO!    I'll kill that lady!
ID	2	@SteveHealy Oh no! you poor thing  you must have booked the tickets before you realised it was Pat Kenny's last night, gutted for you....
ID	4	Feeling deflated. Hubby saw swing set &amp; thinks is a piece of junk. I thought I had found something good 4 the kids
ID	4	@amandapoop no  I didn't yet he never texted backk.
ID	3	@jessbooka i just drove past your hotel  wish u was ere. I'm thinking a december trip for a real white xmas!!
ID	2	has some bad newss
ID	2	srsly, nobody evr reply's 2 me.
ID	2	is sad that Piggy died
ID	2	@Bill_Nye why so quiet lately?
ID	4	Okay, whats up with twitter,, :/ my laptop is completely broke, and now my computer is acting up   so I dont reckon I will be on for t ...
ID	4	Feels all kinds of not so well right now
ID	3	Going on 1,116 days still no new tattoo.
ID	0	God damn you Twitter!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Stop eating my undeleted DMs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ID	1	God damn you Twitter!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Stop eating my undeleted DMs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ID	0	@leprakhauns when you haven't had one in over a week! that was a really mean joke he just played on me!
ID	1	@leprakhauns when you haven't had one in over a week! that was a really mean joke he just played on me!
ID	3	Is getting excited for the weekend.......Or, hang on, i am going to be all alone   never mind, excitement lost
ID	2	@greasemusical Hi, I hope Ray is o.k. Please give him our love and hope he returns soon. Hope its not too bad
ID	0	@BitterTea ugh but they are so unattractive! u might as well drink from a regular glass. i really dont like them
ID	1	@BitterTea ugh but they are so unattractive! u might as well drink from a regular glass. i really dont like them
ID	3	@Nairtseuqe so my son is not the only one!  that's really nice to know.  he really is good at being three. and dh will be late today
ID	4	thank/ u guys so so much for helping me out on the followers thing! but im probably not gonna win cause i dont have 100 followers yet!
ID	2	@NLtommy nope  don't think I will. Thnx for asking lol I will be fine
ID	4	@jenhp But that is such a bummer you couldn't get your book signed. Sigh ...
ID	2	Here's almost 1 AM and I'm staying with my open window...otherwise I'd suffocate myself.  It's way too warm! Ah ~ I so much miss rains !
ID	2	@travisricejr Because the ferry that was supposed to take us out changed their schedule. So now I have to fly out on June 30 on a red eye
ID	2	Work soon. Lame going to miss the @Lakers  Go Lakers! Hope you win!!!!
ID	2	I need a Xanax and have none
ID	3	@DAEONE haha wtf is that! You don't want me to leave
ID	0	Computer pissing me off. 4 gig ram 2.5ghz Dual core and vista freezes...fuck you microsoft...i want win 7
ID	1	Computer pissing me off. 4 gig ram 2.5ghz Dual core and vista freezes...fuck you microsoft...i want win 7
ID	2	IN PAIN. my big toe got stamped on during the hokey cokey. it hurts so much! anyone have any suggestions to help with it?
ID	3	Latest: Saw Animal Collective in Oakland and they were AMAZING! Now, I am trying to clean my room
ID	0	I h8 this weather!! It's the be gloomy &amp; rainy all weekend
ID	1	I h8 this weather!! It's the be gloomy &amp; rainy all weekend
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/67l90 - @lunawoodcock girrrrrrrrlll i'm going to miss you so bad!!!!
ID	4	@theAV8TR dont quit.
ID	4	bout to take a shower.... a cold shower
ID	3	...celebrated by spilling half my soup. Hello, 40 calorie lunch.    Can it be the weekend now, please?
ID	2	I don't wanna be a fatass when I go to Europe. Need to eat right but it's so difficult
ID	4	@RavenLaR S'ok, trying to plot alternatives as we speak *sigh*
ID	2	@Terrellbrw No money... and No Car...
ID	2	I think my modem failed-having pc withdrawals..
ID	2	I can't sleep... And now????
ID	3	great. more rain
ID	2	pmg im very upset no just relasie hugh laurie isnt on  xxx ohh
ID	4	Somebody get me out of work tomorrow.
ID	2	I'm going to be without a computer for a few days
ID	4	i just realized today was my last day to see my best friend tanner im goin to miss him so much
ID	2	Hoping I at least have fun 2nite.  Today was 1 horrible way 2 start off a birthday
ID	2	Lunch sucked ran out of time  didn't get anything done
ID	4	I'm on relapse  mom and dad i need you. jesus fucking christ you stay away.
ID	2	@maureenjohnson i looked for you but couldn't find you amongst the crowd
ID	4	I wanna go shopping!! I don't get paid till next week!!
ID	4	following @twittbitch 'cause @gerhemi ordered it
ID	0	I hate traffic. Dallas is nothing, but traffic!
ID	1	I hate traffic. Dallas is nothing, but traffic!
ID	2	@karamcdowell I'm sorry, that stinks.
ID	4	Har vondt i ryggen My back hurts
ID	3	@NiickJonas you are too, must be very nice city, you should have more girls to their feet!
ID	4	prom's today... i bought a ticket but im not going  cause i dont have a dress, my hairs not done, ect. sucks cause its gonna be awesome..
ID	2	My voice hurts. No We We Rock You the musical singing tonight..
ID	4	@Santiaggo that New Yorker cover was done on a iPhone &amp; I'm jealous that I do not have one!  http://myloc.me/21a4
ID	4	Charter is pissing me off, the rest of the internet can access my blog except me   should have it fixed soon they say, we will see...
ID	4	@naataalieee yeah, that was my point &gt;.&lt; please dont make me feel worse than i do
ID	2	Oh what a day it has been! Stress and thinking about the future is making me sad!
ID	0	I think I've got invisible glass shards in my hands cause my fingers keep having painful pokey feelings
ID	1	I think I've got invisible glass shards in my hands cause my fingers keep having painful pokey feelings
ID	3	@MuchMusic i saw the new cities last tuesday, amazing show! and won tickets for tomorrow's show, but might not be able to make it
ID	2	im so sad that im missing the @chiodos show in ohio. it's the first show ive missed in 3 years that's been close enough to drive to.
ID	3	work  @britad Yay!
ID	2	@jayc1980 @bopsicle called the venue and someone else called - said no tailgating  but we're gonna picnic anyway LOL
ID	4	Lovin  the clean shaven Mr Flowers!  He looks so young!!!  Reminds me that I'm getting old
ID	2	@AmyXDD we better be i was jus readin the magazine nd it sounded like London were better than us !!!!!
ID	3	@msapples1985 yummmm make sure u leave some 4 me im home cleaning up working mad hard
ID	2	Our Quinn puppy got a sick.
ID	2	Fml just ran a mile.. And I just got scraped by my yearbook and I got 1/10 on my math test. Eff today
ID	2	I was kinda looking forward to seeing Seann William Scott in the office today
ID	2	He still doesn't love me... I won't ask again
ID	2	having to use IE =/ firefox is playing up and i don't know why  will try and fix it tomorrow.
ID	3	@Allierosen YAY!!! but im very sad, because i just got a flight in next weekend for my friends benefit  Have a wonderful time!!!
ID	2	Gone to the shiggity shwa. back Sunday.
ID	2	My Twitteeeerrr babiieshow Ive missed you  I hate this whole not having a phone thng
ID	4	i cant find my keys
ID	3	You can't spell #melo without e m and o...  &lt;3 to my favorite blogging site.
ID	2	hugh isn't on it @wossy lied last week
ID	0	i donbt like to peel prawns, i also dont like going shopping, running out of money and crawling round the car looking for more
ID	1	i donbt like to peel prawns, i also dont like going shopping, running out of money and crawling round the car looking for more
ID	4	It wasn't a good day ..
ID	4	with harry.. baked. love you cassie.. BUT YOU'RE NOT ONLINE!?
ID	0	cleaning and packing. Moving house is shit. It's going to be a long weekend....
ID	1	cleaning and packing. Moving house is shit. It's going to be a long weekend....
ID	4	So my lucky jade nacklace/matching earrings ain't so lucky. Lost an earring. Now the chain broke on pendant
ID	2	Guess not today
ID	2	Okay so I'm trying to be happy and deal with my problems and my friends' also. Its hard
ID	3	ok guys, have to turn this Laptop off to pack.   tweet u guys on the road! bbl......
ID	4	@SookieBonTemps ooc: thanks! Ugh...what a bad, bad day I've had. Damn @Twitter.
ID	3	giesal all dayyyyyy. come join meee!
ID	3	i say business ive only sold 2....and its not RL money  ...but its got me back into photoshop again
ID	2	@kabobbins nevermind....I kept reading and see ya'll r gonna be in Williamsburg   I'll mind my business now, lol
ID	0	i have had the worst headache ever in the history of worst headaches today!  man i hate those!
ID	1	i have had the worst headache ever in the history of worst headaches today!  man i hate those!
ID	2	@kristenmchugh22 Oh, I'm so sorry!...my kitty is there right now being checked...losing lots of weight over last 3 wks. Not good
ID	2	Heading home in the rain  no pool today...guess I will hit the treadmill instead.
ID	3	@MC_Craig_G Hope your enjoying the money..it's looking real good to me right now
ID	2	@EyeFiCard boo...I thought being on the list meant it would be good to go  looks like i'll have to get a CF adapter for my dslr!
ID	2	Dropped my lei off at the cemetary.
ID	2	@drsteggy The evidently didn't have any of the smaller ones   I will keep looking.  I got a keen thing though for $7 that should do...
ID	2	So bummed that I can't see LTJ in June  hoping for a UK yoke soon
ID	4	Just banged my bloody foot! ow
ID	2	@purlingsprite that is a bummer
ID	4	omg i tink he is not cuming bckkk
ID	2	@kdritchie77 I just tried to go back and the police blocked off the whole neighborhood.  they're evacuating the building now
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/67ljj - As if teenagers need any more encouragement
ID	4	@heritagesoftail Hahaha I miss Bradddd and all of the guys and KEITH.
ID	3	@KashiMae Thanks Kashi! I was thinking the other day about how mad I am for doing myself a disservice by not taking 1 of ur classes.
ID	4	@mareyachristina nope  i'm bored and hungry.
ID	2	YAY! My cousin is coming over. I am so stressed my big recital is tomorrow. I tried to practice it and cant remember it.
ID	2	fuck my life.
ID	2	@eallen444 oh em i'm sorry  i wuv you to pieces
ID	2	google wave next, can't keep up with the 186 ways i can communicate with people now  what happened to good old fashioned letter writing?
ID	3	@KlutzyAnisha  How about we play tomorrow?
ID	2	@MrPerfect919 i did have 1 n i still do...this job is so dead 2 me right now...
ID	3	made it into leadership, buttt i'm still not happy! how can i enjoy it without my best friend?
ID	0	@ChuckQuartz Oui mademoiselle. You can barely turn around these days without bumping into one.
ID	1	@ChuckQuartz Oui mademoiselle. You can barely turn around these days without bumping into one.
ID	2	CRYING CUZ PEOPLE WONT FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!
ID	4	@smiley_steph boo  I miss you! It's been ages. Once I get Internet back I'll try to fix ALO haha it likes to act up from time to time...
ID	4	had a really weird night last night and misses her friends
ID	2	@DaSqUeAkYOne those were the good days the jetsons comes on right after finltstones ! i missed it today tho
ID	2	Mel? Where Are You You Shud Be Here At My House
ID	3	@m_delamerced what did judge answer to fid. duty 2 tort lawyer? u r so good at this.it will be like the oj trial over once this is done
ID	4	Has a headache
ID	2	is going to sleep. Tomorrow Exam Review
ID	3	Excellent the Suzaku 7 are back together  woop last episode  hope its a happy one i'm a sucker for these really lol shh
ID	0	About to be stick at work till freakin 2 am.  Madd suck and I worked most the day!
ID	1	About to be stick at work till freakin 2 am.  Madd suck and I worked most the day!
ID	2	is hating the weather. UGH.
ID	4	OMFG my favourite jerk chicken place closed
ID	2	live now! but nobodys there!
ID	0	My radiator boiled out
ID	1	My radiator boiled out
ID	3	Been so busy for the entire week. Be able to take a breath next Tuesday
ID	2	wants to scream, because the damn phot won't load...I guess this default will do for now
ID	2	drinking lemsip cause apaently i need ittt! IM NOT SICK
ID	2	gots my beathing suit that i ordered from victoia's secret. but i have to exchange the bottoms, so i have to wait another 2 weeks
ID	4	I wish the sun would come out...I guess it doesn't matter since I'm at work and can't enjoy it anyways
ID	2	Well that just sucks. Good way to make me feel bad
ID	3	@mileycyrus Miley!!! I Heard You Have Never Been To A Prom  I Would Have Invited You To Mine If I Knew, We Could Arrange Another One? x
ID	2	@gettemkbr yo u can't love 1 twin and not the other lol
ID	2	I've recently gained this highly sad feeling when I say goodbye to someone who I won't see ever again. Even if I barely know them!
ID	0	@Ainz90 anyday! I hate living here!
ID	1	@Ainz90 anyday! I hate living here!
ID	4	@SoccerGameBall i use to breathe soccer, live soccer.until i hurt my knee badly  sad day that was.pass my link around?
ID	4	i'm on relapse  mom and dad i need you. jesus fucking christ you stay away.
ID	2	@antennaswrvu i can't figure out how to listen to it from the internet
ID	2	Watching GH. I feel so bad for Carly.  OMG, so fucked up.
ID	4	can't believe I'm leaving this place tomorrow.
ID	3	@ShaunCallahan wowzers! thanks! bang bang misses you on the dance floor
ID	2	mattress armada needs to play a show soon or i'm going to be seriously sad
ID	0	People are just pisssing me offf. Ugh
ID	1	People are just pisssing me offf. Ugh
ID	4	@Bill_Pritchard how come i dont see more of u? how come i dont see u at all is a better question lol. that needs to change mister! im sad
ID	2	Rats the Creative VADO's are out of stock at walmart.com I'm too late.
ID	4	I am so sad...
ID	3	@lilithsativa POOOOOOOOR SHEEEEP!!!
ID	3	@josefamanriquez and yet i couldnt get a pic it wasnt allowed, then i won passes to their carpet of the 3d premiere no pic still wit them
ID	2	@lovexoL what happened to your phone
ID	2	@shivface oh my god im sooooooooo sick  help me
ID	4	Don't think I'm gonna be able to go to see the JB 3D Concert...wrong time, no where very close by
ID	2	@MrBenzedrine you got your lion hoodie!! mines still a week or so away  what number is yours?
ID	4	@Petronella I really want a Shish kebab... Going to have to settle for toast
ID	2	@albanydia Not that funny! I wont jump
ID	3	My uncle isn't coming after all
ID	3	Just got done with my first day of work and is exsausted, sweaty, and chalky.
ID	0	This herniated disc sucks.  I'm stuck mostly on my back when I could be out riding.
ID	1	This herniated disc sucks.  I'm stuck mostly on my back when I could be out riding.
ID	2	Greg Pritchard was robbed  ii am too gutted for words
ID	2	@misspostit Na, ya ando pelon
ID	4	@ChrisBrownWeb According to Bow Wow (his best-friend) Chris is not on Twitter, and doesn't want to be : / Because of haters probably
ID	2	@Scaraboo Ouchies. Sorry to hear it  Are you going to get it checked out?
ID	2	@konstantinshero now my heart isnt cold  but im still missing you.
ID	2	@jennyboomboom83 I know how you feel Darian is in LA with Bam and I am missing him terribly. And I won't see him until Sunday.
ID	2	@drerae awww. that sux! my mom has a totally numb finger as well ever since she had her surgery for her hip replacement..sucky.
ID	2	listening to ryan adams and being sick
ID	2	@racer108 you shouldnt have to reset more than once  if it doesn't work right the first time, something is up
ID	4	Sadly I know a lot of women who like this song  ? http://blip.fm/~7a73f
ID	4	Duncan finally got his orders... leaves for Iraq in September. Open invite to stay with me anytime during the year he'll be gone
ID	4	@gabbyflyyy im so jealous! I want to go to ny
ID	3	@midsomerlover :O How comes you've seen it before we have  I'm so excited, I hope he gets a love interest soon, don't tell me if he does!
ID	3	I really fancy a frappuccino from Starbucks right now
ID	4	feeling lonely
ID	3	@Jonasbrothers love much better, i want you call me
ID	2	Stu is actually SEVERLY sunburnt....it hurts!!!
ID	4	@laurenyant which means i spend more time alone than with friends and family. how sad
ID	4	The Matrix Online shuts down next month...wow...I feel kinda sad about it
ID	4	Already misses the Dunhams.
ID	4	@ladyloki idiot family and how I have been feeling just don't mix amongst other stuff
ID	4	@bfly13
ID	4	@One_Bloody_Poet  Bad friends! Sorry to hear that.
ID	3	- Gig was awesome! Am exahausted and so dont want to revise  Boo Hoo!
ID	2	@leprakhauns trying to have a baby, don't want my soda addiction to be a problem, so i quit  still sad and craving it though
ID	2	i wanna leave work already! Not feelin it 2day
ID	2	@ashleygaskins  sowwy. Lover you
ID	4	is missing her best friend  commme back kayla, going out in a little while
ID	3	@MissBethAnn   I'm a Metsies fan also! Boo Hoo
ID	4	Praying for pressure on brain 2 subside, for brain seizures 2 stop &amp; for tumors 2 go - Dan is comfortable but still has niggling cough
ID	2	I really really really dont want to go to work! 4th shift of the week just to start over on sunday
ID	3	@beautifulpaper Thanks for the warm welcome! We didn't make plans   because our arrival time was so up in the air.
ID	3	sorry @RockinChick09 I Havent Ate Breakfast Yet So Ima Go Eat Over There lololol and my pc is dying  bbl love ya
ID	4	i feel like watching a disney movie...too bad we dont have a vcr anymore
ID	4	Ps BGT was both fab and sad, I thought Greg was awesome, sad he's gone but a child will always win in that situation sadly
ID	3	A lovely couple of days with friends from Wolverhampton. At least the weather improved for their last day today. On call tomorrow
ID	2	My back is soooooo hurting.
ID	3	football in the sun has owned me
ID	2	Recovering from a bad fall at lunch. Great start to the weekend.
ID	2	:'( big brother in 4 days! This means constant live tripe on e4 and no scrubs to fall asleep to! Not happy
ID	4	@llcooljew Poor dear. Your fellow busty mavens have been there.  What gym do you belong to? PEAC?
ID	2	@TickingTimeBomb LMOA! i just quit one of mine, too much stress
ID	2	@Gemmaboyle I hope it'll go by as quickly as possible.
ID	4	@BuddyTV I just found out about the giveaway.. I wish I would have known sooner  What happens with the unclaimed cities?
ID	4	@LoriBartolozzi Oh  I'm sorry  I can't even imagine...although I know it will be reality for me soon
ID	4	@LadyDutchess awww  i mish u too ladie whats been good?
ID	4	all alone.  still watching TWW, eating Italian chocolate and solving logic puzzles.
ID	2	Still @ hospital, unexpected complications
ID	2	Btw, I think I may miss my flight.  Sasha's gonna be upset. But traffic was horriffic. Pull for me, guys!!!
ID	2	@stephenfry I'm afraid your comments on MP's expenses were hopelessly out of touch with the average person average salary. V.insensitive
ID	2	but now my feet really hurt...
ID	3	@kyoisorange oh right aww yeh well 5 is loads  love youuu  x
ID	2	i cba with it now   ohwell might play another innabit
ID	2	@flyzik awe! i miss him so much. they're on &quot;vacation&quot;. which has lasted for like, six months. and i miss you!
ID	2	Just dropped my new mobile down the loo.  Fingers crossed it works as I still have 17.5mths left on the contract
ID	2	@kterwin I keep trying to talk myself out of Australia by thinking of the jet lag  So far it isn't working... I still want to go!
ID	2	Just as quickly people arrived people have gone  Still hungry must find food!
ID	3	Im stuffed, Ive been eating junk all day!
ID	2	Poor winston!  Going on a run!
ID	0	Car-warmed Sprite tastes like sore throat
ID	1	Car-warmed Sprite tastes like sore throat
ID	2	Home Sweet Home by Carrie Underwood makes me sadd
ID	3	@jackEO313 at first i thought bar life meant you were partying nonstop to catch up for the last 2 years...lol shoulda known better
ID	2	nervous about going out tomorrow, cos its the first time since my daughter was born, she's 2!!! HELP
ID	3	@heroesforsale That would have been fun BUT we were soooo TIRED yesterday.  Long day at the office. Just did dinner and crashed.
ID	2	@Pworldwide no I didn't
ID	2	Why does Urban Outfitters taunt me with amazing clothing that's way too expensive.
ID	2	my son got stung by a bug for the first time  his little finger is slightly swollen.
ID	4	Mid shifts are so awful. Im just counting down time
ID	4	@amillerwvu- you're going to be mad. i got sent to the office by your sub. and our class was really bad after that, i hear. i'm sorry.
ID	2	Really tired JAKe always gives me more work
ID	2	Head hurts bad
ID	4	paper work on a friday afternoo
ID	2	Headed home ... Charlie's at the vet
ID	3	So my first aid shift started out with some excitement but now it's kinda died down...  I wish I could do this more often!
ID	3	I wish I had someone to enjoy a drink with outside on this beautiful evening. @lilracedevil we need to live closer to each other!
ID	3	@WerewolfSeth did you really just call me Ma'am...wow that was the reality check of the day  lol
ID	0	wants to go to falkland but cant cause of stupid exams and mtbcut are going to be there
ID	1	wants to go to falkland but cant cause of stupid exams and mtbcut are going to be there
ID	3	i want my daddy
ID	2	@ellenmoore08 I would if I was home
ID	2	I think I may have frozen my butter by accident.
ID	2	had a great time out in the beer garden wit the boyos !! I think the sun got to me a bit though, feel a bit ill !!
ID	0	@DanielFielding Same! And big moths and wasps and just insects in general HAHA I hate them
ID	1	@DanielFielding Same! And big moths and wasps and just insects in general HAHA I hate them
ID	2	Sad that the Statue of Liberty will completely reopen 2 weeks after our NYC trip.
ID	2	Can't stop coughing
ID	2	Stupid HomeWork Is A Waste Of My Time !
ID	3	is sooo tired and too busy to tweet  im glad the weekend is here... yay 4 day-weekend
ID	3	Oh joy its gong to be a long weekebd... Yipee :*
ID	2	@jpadamson I certainly know the feeling. Wesley is sleeping and I want to go get something to eat but I only have $4.38 in my account
ID	2	@MrsNewlywed what happened? I missed 4 hours of updates
ID	2	At Marlees doc appointment poor babygirl has to get shots
ID	2	sore head..hope my girls ok
ID	3	@James_Waters WAS until I had to go home 'cause the presentation ended  x
ID	3	@kristenyt  that's why I need to be there...To represent the Blackberries
ID	0	Ugh!! Why isn't inFamous on xbox360!!!?? Fucking lame.. Its only on PS3..
ID	1	Ugh!! Why isn't inFamous on xbox360!!!?? Fucking lame.. Its only on PS3..
ID	4	can't go to the movies today
ID	4	@Maxicatimus Miles from you   I'm in Essex so give me plenty of warning so I can arrive in time to get at least one of those free beers.
ID	4	Bit down in the dumps today    Such an awful day !  Maybe good time to write a song   (Y)
ID	3	Awh i was having a great time outdoors today then i got rained out  what i shut down. Oh well tomorrow is another day.... hopefully!
ID	3	I'm not sure why walking around in barnes and noble comforts me so much. O well now I'm off to work
ID	4	No 'rosie day' today  goal is to leav my house b4 my mom gets here hmmm maybe 'rosie day' rescheduled for....wed......
ID	4	I just got smashed in the face by a 5th grader thowing a football... Twice. Now I bleed
ID	2	Nearly ran over a pheasant on the driving lesson  Baws.
ID	4	Lulu's put on scottish accent on britains got more talent makes me sad to be scottish  just coz falconers there dont play up your accent!
ID	4	@sara_luna everything , I dont know how explain  simply its patetic
ID	3	@ChuysGirl708 good, I'm glad you got there!! I had no 1 to come talk a walk with  LOL. Me, Becky &amp; Holcomb are the only 1s here again LOL
ID	2	oww...just bit my tongue
ID	2	anyone else having a problem accessing their account info on the istore?  i cant buy music and cant look at my account
ID	2	I have uncontrolable hic-ups right now that hurt
ID	2	@ThisStarChild *uhum* try that again - unlike the pretty women on here I just don't look 21 any more
ID	2	14 hours later, I am still too drunk to drive... For shame on me for letting myself drink that much. I am not in peak spirits right now.
ID	2	Okay, the man with the hook for a hand is kinda freaking me out right now.
ID	2	@SweetChhavvi sick girl!  trying to shake this thing off but no luck .. How are you miss long time..
ID	0	I was hoping to sleep in tomorrow ..I guess it's not happening  Stupid blood tests grrr..
ID	1	I was hoping to sleep in tomorrow ..I guess it's not happening  Stupid blood tests grrr..
ID	4	Is bummed out...i don't have even one testimonial on Flickr.
ID	2	My lower-left molar stings whenever it comes into contact with sugar of any sort
ID	4	Oh god, I feel like shit.
ID	4	Everythings Sooo Messed Up!!!!!!! Life Sucks!!!!!!!!!!
ID	3	@davewarwak I`d love to have a copty of &quot;Peep Show...&quot; I have Eilleen`s but I do have to give it back  Please help me out I miss you on FB
ID	2	@JamieBolerjack still here unfortunately!!!!
ID	2	I feel sick. And I have a solo tonight at my vocal jazz concert.  great
ID	2	I've got a headache  !!!
ID	4	can't chat with @mitchelmusso since i have to go to school now  http://tinyurl.com/mf88dz
ID	3	i feel like a bright, new t-shirt.. wish i had one.
ID	4	@EnvyAmor I'm sad that I missed you guys last night!
ID	2	Uh oh, I am sunburned
ID	3	i don't know what i'm doing  i feel so empty LOLLL cheesy but true :/
ID	0	When youre kawawa, you make me kawawa cuz i hate seeing you so kawawa's  ohhhhh &lt;3
ID	1	When youre kawawa, you make me kawawa cuz i hate seeing you so kawawa's  ohhhhh &lt;3
ID	2	I didn't get the job at Berry Line after all.
ID	4	just drove by NBC's Burbank lot and the line for Leno is wrapped around the building.  Longest I've ever seen. Leno's last show
ID	4	8 of my 11 followers are random spammers
ID	4	Theyre sappin mah sentry! errr yea... i'm without power at home right now
ID	2	Working 12 hours saturday and sunday  atleast i'll have my phone to keep me company..
ID	3	@chicksnchickens and @momtv the Creative VADO's are out of stock at walmart.com (missed it)  but thanks for tweeting about it
ID	4	hollie steel on bgt was absolutely excruciating to watch...poor girl.
ID	3	I actually got a bit of a tan today haha sadly will be working all weekend won't get a chance to enjoy the glorious sunrays boo
ID	3	@mops_beyond I told you people in indiana were batshit. I lived there, after all. I feel like I escaped from that Orwell book everyday...
ID	4	Sad that I won't see Deb for two days.
ID	2	@CameronMonroe_x Hey &quot;Cameron&quot;, I know it was amazing and I have sunburn too  So my mum isn't happy,, . &amp; my throat kills . . Still &lt;3 it
ID	2	I hope I make it to the bank before it closes. Ahhh traffic! And then I have to go back to work.
ID	4	@scomizzle ur moving to leeds?? wut are u doing up there? work? ur just a jetsetter..i wanna move to England too
ID	0	@dougiemcfly me too, it sucks
ID	1	@dougiemcfly me too, it sucks
ID	3	@ann_aguirre Now I wish I was going
ID	2	my feet hurt
ID	3	Horrible thought... I have to go back to work on Monday   Good thought... I only work for 90 minutes   Life is good.
ID	4	I want to go home!!
ID	2	@SamDescartes  Laws change in the 70s or 80s.   I could really push it bcause gran from Bathgate, but she was US citizen b4 dad born.
ID	3	Good stuff, Smiles back? Why won't you go to his concert too? :o. Wish I could instead of working on my music which is failing  lol x
ID	3	@gossipboy630 hahah really? some guy said i looked 14. i dont look young
ID	4	@Zo_E Aw. well im sorry you don't like July for those reasons
ID	4	is sad that greg pritchard didnt make it through to the final of britains got talent coz he soooo deserved it
ID	3	@karenneves few hotels in UK have free wifi, they are mega expensive here and usually only hard wired.  Loved using hotel wifi in States!
ID	4	So I thought the Cavs would crush the Magic and I come home from up north to realize how wrong I was.
ID	2	Doesn't feel like working out.  @ 12th Street Gym http://loopt.us/OGqB5w.t
ID	4	Lost his favorite thing he loves to always have on him, his story of the year Key Chain..
ID	2	@Mattwerkmeister heyy have you deleted your myspace account  cause the link in the side bar wont work it says its been deleted wb ily xxx
ID	3	@mandi_louise  bless ya... I know that feeling all too well!
ID	4	Sad news, after a week in the hospital, My uncle past away today. R.I.P. Uncle Tony
ID	2	Subhana Allah... I got scare told you i started having anxiety
ID	3	@PopularRepublic lol 'if u knew better, u'd do better, wouldnt wear Uggs in shoe weather...' awww RIP Stack B
ID	4	@daltnnn woof, I wish I was allowed to go
ID	3	Whatever. Workweek's over. Time to go play with new phone. Sim card didn't transfer contacts list
ID	4	Well school's finally over and idk but I'm sad  I'll miss my teachers. Goodbye Mrs R. and Mr. Collister
ID	2	feels really sick after eating some form of chicken. Why do restaurants make their grilled chicken sooo greasy
ID	2	has to be in cockermouth for 8:45 tomorrow morning, jesus christ i want sleep
ID	2	the sing store won't work.
ID	4	I wish I could go to the Love Music Hate Racism gig this weekend   I'm not in the right part of the world even
ID	4	ready for the weekend and sad that I have to be at the office again tomorrow morning
ID	4	@PeachyPictures oh dear, I take back my request.... I get so drunk on fizz!! And I def do regret it the next day, sure fired hangover
ID	3	going to my bff's. haha. but thats in like 2 hourssss sooooo...calllll me. actually darn, i have hw
ID	4	so now i dont get my car back til monday. boooo
ID	2	My dad and Joe Nugent drank nearly all the Ice Tea  i only have a bit left. quite miffed tbh
ID	4	has hurt feet
ID	0	@xxxqueenteexxx sigh..... exams aint no wer neaaarr finished!! i have 3 next week...  bin stressd... and i aint guna b bak till end june!
ID	1	@xxxqueenteexxx sigh..... exams aint no wer neaaarr finished!! i have 3 next week...  bin stressd... and i aint guna b bak till end june!
ID	2	Seeing people today made me realize I really miss someone. But I also miss my grandpa he's been gone 17 years  oh! but my moms mamagra ...
ID	3	@designbreaker Nothing, stayed home
ID	2	feeling hot hot hot! honestly us scots are so not used to sun the minute we get some, we fry!!  x
ID	4	has cramps
ID	3	@georgiaface Let the Right One In? Aparently Drag Me to Hell also has some horrible cat nastiness
ID	3	watching the rain and reminiscing about the time when everytime it rained I was with the love of my life.
ID	4	@CarsXCollide: no, I fell and effed my arm up today and now I have to do back drive.
ID	3	tried to do something funny on twitter but failed.
ID	4	Fml! Ughhhhhhhhh, im not going anwhere today just sit in the bedroom I share with my mother and cry!
ID	2	@gregkang ah allergies  you must be sleeping walking at work!
ID	0	i may cry damn this weather got my ass burnt (nt literally jus my shins arms n chest) legs hurt lyk a biatch  slightly enjoy it tho ha
ID	1	i may cry damn this weather got my ass burnt (nt literally jus my shins arms n chest) legs hurt lyk a biatch  slightly enjoy it tho ha
ID	2	@ox_grace I can't do anything
ID	0	Just got a follow from @lindsey5054. Yep, it's spam. Damn twitter traffic machine.
ID	1	Just got a follow from @lindsey5054. Yep, it's spam. Damn twitter traffic machine.
ID	4	REALLY want to go to Maker Faire tomorrow but I am SO SICK.  #makerfaire
ID	0	@AHisme  it sucks big time. I am in Sheffield till Sunday. I don't think I can pretend to be happy and smiley anymore.
ID	1	@AHisme  it sucks big time. I am in Sheffield till Sunday. I don't think I can pretend to be happy and smiley anymore.
ID	2	@DC_Zol I would like to make a comment about the password but I can't on this medium
ID	2	@samigrady traumatizing moment of my childhood. my dogs massacred baby bunnies and my brother and i got out the bb gun...
ID	2	@Sam_Fenton i didnt even finish cleaning my room cuz i went to a party ahhhh  ITS STILL MESSY
ID	4	Wish you were here, babe
ID	2	gives you a Haiku status (inspired by Michelle Yuen)  the sun is shining a perfect day glorious day outside my office
ID	2	Where's my baby?!
ID	2	Alcohol  toncilitus  but alcohol cancels it out
ID	4	BGT made me cry tonight
ID	4	Failed that shit LOL
ID	0	Using a temporary mouse since my trackball is breaking down. I can feel the RSI crawling up my wrist already  .
ID	1	Using a temporary mouse since my trackball is breaking down. I can feel the RSI crawling up my wrist already  .
ID	4	He can't fix it.   I guess I'll write until I get too bored then watch tv. Man, this is lame.
ID	0	@sexidance I saw slater on some MTV show, So you think you wanna dance with slater or some crap like that. Where's Kelly Kapowski
ID	1	@sexidance I saw slater on some MTV show, So you think you wanna dance with slater or some crap like that. Where's Kelly Kapowski
ID	3	@Tech_Animated thanks so much for everything you do!  i'm so sorry you're hurting
ID	4	@nkirchmar I have 30 minutes to go! Then a 3 day weekend leading up to my birthday on Tuesday. I have to work on my birthday.
ID	3	I wish I was at Disneyland or watching Star Trek like other people are doing. I swear, I must be the only sap who works on Fridays.
ID	2	stoped broadcasting on blogtv coz they all left  and was on my own and one one came any way xD
ID	4	@karleemay @Kelly208 I am horror movie obsessed. Esp campy 80s films and Troma. Wish I didn't work tomorrow
ID	3	@mishxmonster  haha, as if I'm only 19 girl  They don't give me beer lol xD
ID	3	I wonder who that thomasvanvliet is. Maybe you can help me, because I've just inherited $20000000! Can't withdraw it
ID	2	Today was not an inspirational photography day  #photography -  http://twurl.nl/jnizbw
ID	3	@goodwin0904  hey, but you have gal pals here in Phoenix!!!
ID	4	@cassieebee Why I aint on ur #FF list? im hurt
ID	4	@kmaco214 He's probably in bed...depends on what aide he has today.
ID	2	Would appear not  note to self...change perfume!  What to do now..Hmm do I get the tarot cards out or not??
ID	3	@DesmoidSurvivor @fryphile he should be an honourary fluffette, such lovely hair (what's left  )
ID	4	i miss everyone... i need faces  , not witty situational updates, but these will do...
ID	2	You people haVe no idea how depressing it is being at a steakhouse and not being able to eat
ID	4	Left Cali this morning...in Dallas now..missing my car SO MUCH!!!
ID	2	The graduation ceremony should be starting about now. I really wish I could be there.
ID	0	SON OF A BITCH!!!! ARGGGHHHHHHHHHHH SO OVER IT.
ID	1	SON OF A BITCH!!!! ARGGGHHHHHHHHHHH SO OVER IT.
ID	2	Someone keyed my car.
ID	3	I Need a freaking adventure.
ID	0	This day is fkn UGLY &amp; it matches my mood  unfortunatly. Time 2 blast off 2 the moon
ID	1	This day is fkn UGLY &amp; it matches my mood  unfortunatly. Time 2 blast off 2 the moon
ID	2	I am sad because I broke my super-awesome giant paper clip I was using for my Italy notes
ID	2	i need to read @lizzie123x fic again, but i lost it
ID	3	@MidgetheMutt voting for you Hope you are voting for me I am now a white blank with my name  mr Twitter and Funniset
ID	3	@LoriBartolozzi Thanks...I really do appreciate that. I know it will be the hardest thing I have ever done
ID	2	@kiyoshimartinez - 05/31 marks the end of our roommate era. And you never made me empanadas again.
ID	2	@binhog737 Sorry about the weather, hopefully you're not in the 2-3 hour wx delays here in BWI
ID	3	Just got back from working out. I'm feeling pretty good. work at 4:30
ID	4	i'm sad...i'll miss you grandma angie.. you were always like a 3rd grandma to me..
ID	2	@simoncowelI got really sad wen holly started crying   awwww bless
ID	3	Last day of holydays, gotta get back to work    Anyway, 2 great weeks
ID	4	@KOifusionpdx Another day and I couldn't find you.    I ended up trying another cart, can't remember their name.  'sigh'
ID	2	no longer works at swiss chalet
ID	2	This weekend is going to be packed full of work for school  No life this summer I'm afraid.
ID	2	@_finn_ Except I dropped him on my break and now he's got a ding in his side.  At least it wasn't the screen.
ID	3	wishing warped tour came to london canada.....
ID	0	Damn it's warm. Want to stay out the back garden to protect the doggie from the bastards next door.
ID	1	Damn it's warm. Want to stay out the back garden to protect the doggie from the bastards next door.
ID	3	@oakridgeboys Think these little youtube's are cool!! Prayers, my dad admitted to hosp. this am, n/sure what problem is yet, maybe heart
ID	4	@gotenkslovesme haha yeh lol maybe.  i missed the last roadshow cause of rain
ID	2	i cant believe that its already friday! omg, what had i done?!
ID	4	hello..aint been tweetin all day cuz i had 2 switch things over 2 da new place. (exhausted and sick)
ID	2	@FilmsRUs oh 2mrw? Yea I won't b there  but maybe next time
ID	2	If you're going to actually read them you have to at least sign up  no fair!
ID	2	@pen15lvr they frown on us googling alcohol at work
ID	0	@DanielJUK awwww  nsty when ppl make fun of someone &amp;  laugh their asses off; when the see ur not laughing that shoud be a HINT! Wrong
ID	1	@DanielJUK awwww  nsty when ppl make fun of someone &amp;  laugh their asses off; when the see ur not laughing that shoud be a HINT! Wrong
ID	4	ahhhh now i have no pic
ID	2	I have the biggest headache ever. My photosensitivity is getting OUT OF CONTROL!! Help.
ID	2	misses Nanny.
ID	2	I miss my doggy,my hammy,my turtle &amp;&amp; my fishes
ID	0	@bobbythomas1 Oh no, garlic juice nooooooo  thats disgusting...grrrr
ID	1	@bobbythomas1 Oh no, garlic juice nooooooo  thats disgusting...grrrr
ID	4	ouch... head hurts
ID	2	still have a high fever
ID	4	God! They look stumpy... I'm not sharing my toes tonight
ID	2	I kind of miss a certain someone already.  and, i never get to see him again.
ID	2	Dropping my mum at the station   I'll miss u mum
ID	2	@mona_tweets I wish I could be there to give you the biggest hug right now. I'm so sorry, I can't imagine how painful it must be
ID	2	Do I really look like the gay guy with the dark hair and sleeve from #BGT dreambears?
ID	4	@AZamann hah eeee, although understandable.. i need a new picture for this thing.. but i'm all sweaty
ID	3	Greenville for the weekend for my best friends birthday and leaving way later than i wanted...
ID	0	The only way I'll feel safe is when he's finally in jail where his stalker ass belongs!
ID	1	The only way I'll feel safe is when he's finally in jail where his stalker ass belongs!
ID	2	@rainofashes I would never do that to an innocent individual, plus it's really unsanitary
ID	4	Aaarrrgh! I sooo want to see @johnlegend at MSG in August but dammit the decent seats are expensive. Booooooo recession!
ID	4	@diana_music im always blunt with my feelings, never seems to do any good
ID	2	@annaavila oh noooo.. dont cry  we'll see.. ill talk to krys... text her and see what she says.. we're both pooped.. so idk.
ID	2	wtf at facebook spam saying that my DAD is my secret admirer
ID	3	on my way to get some Maggie Moos Peanut Butter Galaxy, then home! thank god this week is done. 4 meetings in 1 day!!!!
ID	2	whats wrong with you, my sweet laptop!!!!!!
ID	4	Strained a muscle in my lower back today. &amp;*#&amp; it hurts! What hurts most is .. no running this weekend.
ID	4	Sad duck day.
ID	4	@jpadamson don't wait on Red, could be ages. I know what you mean, though. Really looking for a new job
ID	0	@AmberRainDesign many tribes r becoming extinct  I blame Mc Donalds!!!
ID	1	@AmberRainDesign many tribes r becoming extinct  I blame Mc Donalds!!!
ID	3	@aly_jo3 I want a hug
ID	2	im getting really spotty and my spots ALWAYS scar... and NO its not because i pick them, even if i dont,they scar- FACT  my skin sucks
ID	4	@Japumpy I need botox work on the lips if I'm going to change my name to Angelina Jolie, but it's a thought! Sad though about the racism
ID	2	always makes bad decisions
ID	2	gettin ready to put on a show  ugh i really hope ppl dont comee
ID	4	nooooo its raining......had 2 leave the beach
ID	3	Finally got my lil monster off my hands so I could run errands and now I gotta do them in the rain!!!
ID	2	@EvilKimIsEvil I was sad to hear they shaved too  I really liked the beards. I feel like I'm in the minority.
ID	3	Gf will be home in a couple of minutes (yay!)  so I'm off  See you tomorrow morning tweeple! After that it's gonna be monday
ID	2	Tweet riot. I can't download Tweet Genius on my other device
ID	3	played a bit pool with my buddies....going to bed now, have to work tomorrow
ID	2	@ amhzz... did u get an invite? I miss u
ID	3	Always get my hopes up too soon...we were soooo close
ID	2	Not feeling all that well today
ID	2	Oh man now it's raining...seatbelt now buckled...thanks bates for wishing I have a blow out and flip and burn up
ID	3	@hiaudreygrace NOOOOO!!!!!!! We have to do something immediately. I'm leaving in 2 weeks!!!
ID	2	. @LauraLeeShaw Will have to try.  Our Pei Wei closed so I can't try there.
ID	3	@xplode hahaha wow thanks bud :p but my plan is to pretend its a costume... I wish it were cold so i could wear a sweatshirt over this
ID	2	OMG i havent been on twitter all day  going thru withdraws
ID	2	hardware store guy told me the screw would be impossible to remove since the head is completely gone. will get a 2nd opinion
ID	4	my day has been so crappy that i just want to cry.
ID	2	Ahhhhhhhhh man blew up my amp!!!!! no more shredding
ID	4	wish I can go to the Roots pinic
ID	4	@dorkita buu i didn't get it right  plop! i was so close... &quot;URBAN&quot;
ID	4	@ABOResearch Pleased to hear it, but still I am shamed sometimes to hear what some men do
ID	3	@themaguire maybe one day I can be on your favorite producers list  lol
ID	2	my skin is burning up so much
ID	2	got through two thirds of new moon in three days, now on to eclipse..........then more work  assignments sadly dnt write them selves.
ID	4	@vagabonddandy very bad.
ID	2	@BitchNotAPerson Actually, I'm supposed to do that w/ my dad + cousin, My cousin is in trouble though, so we never get together
ID	4	@pibby  darn! now we have to go through the WHOLE weekend without em'
ID	2	@StephanieBamBam @tjtrapp I can't join your game... it's a private beta
ID	4	OMG. Today felt like the last day of school! it's horrible!
ID	4	@RyanDownie no problem dude - get better soon, I have a cold as well  bleh!
ID	4	I want a hair cut but my mom wont cut it
ID	0	Damn I hate this weather this shit sucks! I wanted to go out tonight but not n no mess like this
ID	1	Damn I hate this weather this shit sucks! I wanted to go out tonight but not n no mess like this
ID	0	i was kinda hoping this time it was going to be differnt... its not it just sucks !!!!!!!!!
ID	1	i was kinda hoping this time it was going to be differnt... its not it just sucks !!!!!!!!!
ID	2	I'm not ditchin i'm barfin so sorry guys  ESOTSM;
ID	2	its too hot in my room. i wanna go swimming.
ID	4	@thecraftykitten like cheesecake brownies!!! i miss my cheesecake brownies... and the walmart closest to l.a. (to me) doesn't have em
ID	3	Is heading home from foot surgery and wishing she had a boyfriend to come over and cuddle with
ID	0	btw ian watkins has stopped following me  so i am a wee bit pissed off!
ID	1	btw ian watkins has stopped following me  so i am a wee bit pissed off!
ID	2	#Ajax #php! Just thinking about a concept of autorefresh! @varun_chander made a mistake here
ID	3	Greg Pritchard should have got threw to the final of britains got talent
ID	2	YAY jack won. but downer i've just remembered its friday meaning i have work tomorrow
ID	4	what the hell is follow friday?? don't get it
ID	2	@Direct2Dell  my mini 10 order is delayed again.  Can I call to add the TV tuner for $20 more??
ID	4	Ugh. My feet feel like they're going to fall off.
ID	2	@PaulaAbdul I was supposed to go boating/songwriting in Cape Cod.. but its cold and rainy
ID	2	Omg! Why cant i eat. Everything i eat hurts my stomach and it comes right out of me.
ID	2	@gail_collins I'm not sure I understand how this twitter thing works...
ID	4	@kelleyviolet That sucks!    It's thundering here.  I'm getting ready to shut down.
ID	2	@thomasfiss i flew from washington to calfornia , are you still gonna be at the meet&amp;  greet tomorrow ?
ID	4	im so tired of my responsabilities i wish i was a kid it seems that everyone around me is all about money and not me anymore
ID	2	Anyway. Can't take this shit no longer. Or my mind will blow off.
ID	0	@tommcfly How dare you apologize to the UK for being gone for a while but don't apologize to america for never touring here at all!!!
ID	1	@tommcfly How dare you apologize to the UK for being gone for a while but don't apologize to america for never touring here at all!!!
ID	2	I'm soooooooo hungry right now. DH is still not home.
ID	3	@_micster  How the hell does your hair not fall out constantly?
ID	2	Soo tired! Feel worn out. Want to go to sleep but gotta go back out
ID	4	@AncillaTilia Me tooo!! Wish I could get you here
ID	4	I need a friend right now  , I feel like mmmm ... sosad
ID	4	On the set of Chuck Bass' New York Palace Hotel. Too bad they weren't filming today.   http://twitpic.com/67nht
ID	3	@cdevroe lucky! I can't see it tonight....
ID	3	@AS2257 heyyyyyyyyyyyyy divshite, phone is playing soft arses again  xx
ID	4	@Marianuum Ntah, I really wanna be there
ID	2	@LadyHaych Totally agree, she wasn't even as good as the judges said wither! Just said it to make her feel better
ID	3	@AvonteNikole  Meee tooooooo..... And its bad.. when I'm bored... I eat.. lol
ID	4	@AnnaInTheHouse Dude I feel really bad but it doesn't work. I don't have a serial for it so it can't be used
ID	4	@elephantparty Ha! Thanks Bryan! And don't remind me about the state budget issues.  Actually, Steve only has 6 staffers in 3 offices.
ID	3	@RemiRockit sounds like my town
ID	2	Headache.  Very. Large. Headache.  A little dizzy and feel ill too.    Yucky.
ID	3	Watching 1971 edition if Old Grey Whistle Test. Fanny, Mamas and the Papas &amp; Isaac Hayes. Don't make shows like this anymore
ID	3	@Jenniferlai7 aww, me too. today has been good for me up until like 4?
ID	4	Awww kanye west, its such a shame he doesnt get the joke
ID	2	@kiks956 aww  i hope u find it soon i miss it. i cnt even use my cam w/o it, memory's full. plus i wanna take it 2 SA this commin weekend.
ID	3	I want another shake from Ritas.Badly.
ID	2	@NauticaThorn I love you, but I don't love twitter   Hey, are you going to Xbiz?  It's in VEGAS!
ID	4	@RareCandy I wanna go but my car not here...
ID	2	right im out of here peeps.. i hope @twitter fixes twitter mobile so i can tweet from the race.. m.twitter has been down for 4 days  #fail
ID	0	I totally forgot thats its friday till I read @AlyssaNoelleD's tweet. Ha. I feel dumb  *Take A Breath*
ID	1	I totally forgot thats its friday till I read @AlyssaNoelleD's tweet. Ha. I feel dumb  *Take A Breath*
ID	3	@mrstephens85 hahahaha awww uduhn lun me no mor???
ID	2	omg!! i have so many finals to study for !!! i so freaked out that im gona fail
ID	4	i'm sunburnt on my arms, and i have burnt my mouth, and some skin is coming off
ID	2	Done! Goin home to eat dindin and contemplate what the night holds for me
ID	4	@ROAR_Fear_Me samee.. it sucks..
ID	4	Not feeling very good at all, why does this have to happen today of all days? Not going to friends tonight
ID	2	Metro from trader joe to 71st closed so many firemen and cops wth happened?! Walking home bus can't go further  ohh
ID	2	@EileenLeft I am disappointed in the lad. I think he unfollowed me. @ryking is not showing me the love.
ID	2	BRAINFREEZE
ID	0	@_AislinnTighee bhaha, its a teenage nightclub and i am at home when im supposed to be there. they had no fucking license. no more touch
ID	1	@_AislinnTighee bhaha, its a teenage nightclub and i am at home when im supposed to be there. they had no fucking license. no more touch
ID	2	@pillowfarmer So sorry about all that  praying for you
ID	4	@thewbdotcom Sadly, I can't view that site due to region restrictions
ID	2	@coollike Sounds awesome, wish I could go but no way I could afford it   Have fun!
ID	0	@alexholroyd I'm just bustin' ya chops; it's not bad. Never seen any real appeal to last.fm is all. Bad quality audio from crap artists
ID	1	@alexholroyd I'm just bustin' ya chops; it's not bad. Never seen any real appeal to last.fm is all. Bad quality audio from crap artists
ID	4	@WOAHAmber But I hate being me
ID	4	I miss you
ID	3	just kidding. its standing room only.
ID	2	i never though i'd be in this situation. i don't like it. at all.
ID	4	@susiegroove yes i did - as a thank you. have contacted them 2ce but no response
ID	2	@dvautier Burst my bubble!
ID	2	@TraceyMmm awww  what did you eat sweety?
ID	4	so sad that no friends everyday for a long ass time
ID	4	I miss my friends so much
ID	3	alright, so day was going well, but got home, and all my potato salad was gone
ID	3	i want some grape soda, jack fowers' fault. also, @TraceCyrus i wish i could see you play  are your uk gigs sold out? please reply!!!!!!!!
ID	2	Is sad that her brother is having a bad day
ID	2	oops just unfollowed everyone!  anywayz, will build my Twitter Empire.... again....
ID	3	thinks that Pipers molars are cutting thru  we had a nice lil nap me and the girl...now just another friday night at home w/ the lil ones
ID	0	@gorgeousapg hahahaha. Nahh sowwieee.  I had to git a shirt to match dez sneakerz nd idk if they da same color. Aghhh =O lol
ID	1	@gorgeousapg hahahaha. Nahh sowwieee.  I had to git a shirt to match dez sneakerz nd idk if they da same color. Aghhh =O lol
ID	4	Pleeaaasee come out sun
ID	3	Wow I really need to have fun tonight now
ID	3	time for bed.....got some learning to do tomorrow with an early start  night night good people xxx
ID	3	today i was so happy got i got off school early, but now i'm bored!!
ID	4	@mathewhulbert There's very few film/TV jobs, especially in WMids. And I can't afford to move away yet!  Sorry, I missed you on 107.3!
ID	4	damn sunburn hurting  jack whitehall mmmmm
ID	3	@megbc OMG!!!!! 17???? wow. I'm the old one...
ID	3	The VP is gone...so why am I getting a headache?    Time to have some coffee and fight it off. #migraine #ohnoyoudidnt
ID	3	Wants To Dress Up
ID	2	has to go to sleep but is not sleepy at all!!
ID	4	My car is broken.
ID	3	i really wanted to go to surfers today
ID	3	@rbmartin oh it just takes me after i sign in to an error page
ID	4	@H2_TheMovie That's what I get for writing up my Halloween interview w/ Danielle Harris. Darn, I was too late for the contest!
ID	0	Having really bad sorehead
ID	1	Having really bad sorehead
ID	4	Crisis: forgot my fringe comb  I'm with men....no one will help me
ID	2	@ThisStarChild Night you. Damn did I give you #ff? If not, sorry, I will do a late one tomorrow. I always forget someone  night xxx
ID	2	OK, when will this post RNY girl learn; rich sugary food is a BAD idea! No more golden graham bars out of the vending machine. Bleck!
ID	2	@Chriscornell why isnt everyone with you?
ID	2	At the dentist for Hopes first check up. Lets she how she handles a dentist.
ID	2	Super bummed the Whitecaps game plans with friends fell through...I now need to be home by 7 to let the sitter go
ID	3	@marcihearts I will be sending it to you when I get my first check if I make enough lol I have only worked like 8 hours so far
ID	2	dedicating the next 2 hours to cleaning the house
ID	2	went to the doctors for a physical (including blood work -_-) and the eye doctors for new glasses.
ID	4	@danger_skies You got me singing Falling in Love now. Only, I'm changing the week day to Saturday. Doesn't quite fit.
ID	3	@bust_magazine thats no dream for me, thats reality  CS4 is on my wishlist
ID	3	@toddmeg14 one day my hugs will come    *fingers still crossed*
ID	3	Just potted some geraniums then talked to the grandkids, well Maddie - Jack was outside playing.  I sure miss 'em!!!
ID	2	Frustrated with life on a whole new level  Trying to trust God in all of this.
ID	2	@jwphillips I have no IPhone (poor credit!).    But I cannot live without my cell phone! I am on mass transit every day!
ID	4	I can't fucking concentrate with this damn heat!  Cooler is so not doing it's job.
ID	4	@aquafreak123   me too.  it depresses me thinking about it.
ID	4	@smiley92 u have a lot  but the bad thing is we r gonna have finals all next week
ID	2	super bored on a friday night
ID	4	Almost made it to reading comedy outlet. Headlining all weekend. Only took me 2 extra hours with traffic. Basically doubled my time.
ID	4	@TonyaRae @RachieRach3 Getting dizzy. Going to have to lower my original raise. Please don't think any less of me.
ID	4	@valerierenee  are you having a bad day?
ID	3	@BillFanning Bill, likewise it was a pleasure- next time we should spend more time talking  #ims09
ID	2	@xirclebox Problem is I have to get it done this weekend one way or another.
ID	3	@Dojie is that u trying to say i have a cold steal heart  lol
ID	2	is sooo stressed about everything I have to do
ID	2	@john_370 i thought he was off until next week...i think we have another week to do his ohmygod please tell me with have another week
ID	2	Trying to find a foreign place in a foreign town  i have being lost
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/67mj4 - Yes, it is nice. Oh and Kevin's shirtless too but you don't see it as well
ID	0	Its Gloomy as Fuck outside Ewwwww
ID	1	Its Gloomy as Fuck outside Ewwwww
ID	3	@liber8dsoul i knoww  she is da best!
ID	2	@xoshayzers I'm sorry.
ID	2	is sad that today is her last day in san diego
ID	3	@Laineymc The Priests were really good. Guess they wouldn't be welcome on Late Late at the moment
ID	4	my head is hurting..
ID	4	yesterday i missed the live chat  internet was the problem 
ID	2	waiting around for boyfriend. then off to queens. ... looks like it's going to pour here in dt bklyn. umbrellaless
ID	2	@Rooks_ nooo  no roo crying. but omg i wanted to slap her. she was singing fine then from out of nowhere- BOOHOOOOOOOOOOO
ID	4	Wishing I was going to UP tonight, but it will have to wait until tomorrow.
ID	3	got some new ducati puma high tops yea they are sweet. and yes i dont have a ducati
ID	2	@CHRIS_Daughtry  FYI Canada cannot see the VH1 preview of the video
ID	4	I always feel sickly when I wake up.  Well got a busy day ahead of me! Yippeee
ID	4	Not looking forward to next week: Maths, Geography, English and French exams, totalling 7 hours
ID	3	@_constantstatic i like babies better  (although i like shows/books about crime)
ID	0	@emboosh aw that sucks
ID	1	@emboosh aw that sucks
ID	0	Apple is also rotten in the center, just my luck
ID	1	Apple is also rotten in the center, just my luck
ID	2	owww, back pain  hm, walmart or no? i could get cupcakes~
ID	2	i hope it doesnt rain tonight tomorrow my fam. comes to visit swimming pool and carne asada  if it rains the pool is going to be dirty
ID	2	The balmain knockoffs in bebe make me sad.....I want the real deal...these shoes look cheapy cheapy.
ID	2	i think my cold is getting worse, not better!!  i cant stop coughing - it really sucks!!
ID	4	Damn. It's raining again
ID	4	i hate when i paint my nails because then i cant suck my thumb because it tastes bad
ID	3	@BossTycoonLZ yea but that's an old pic,  she looks a lot different now...she turned into such a beautiful women   I miss her A LOT!
ID	3	#NHL Not a fan of either team, my head says Detroit, my feet say the Pens my heart doesn't care   GO KINGS in 2009/2010
ID	4	@anothrstupidkid your lucky, you have a bed and ice cream, all i have is a very sore couch and some cardboard
ID	3	@kingivn Have fun amorsote even tho u forgot my bday
ID	0	They wouldn't reverse any of my overdraft fees.
ID	1	They wouldn't reverse any of my overdraft fees.
ID	4	karma is a bitch ! i just got hung up on  lol i'm still a big dawg though
ID	3	My Boy is leaving for the Summer, Going to stay with the Grandparents.. I'm gonna miss him!!
ID	2	I don't know how to use twitter!!
ID	0	So much for running outside like I thought I was going to  looks like the treadmill will have to do for today....thanks a lot rain
ID	1	So much for running outside like I thought I was going to  looks like the treadmill will have to do for today....thanks a lot rain
ID	0	@rockinaround nope  don't you think it's a crime? :/
ID	1	@rockinaround nope  don't you think it's a crime? :/
ID	0	At the bus stop there's always a big pile of loogies. So. Gross.
ID	1	At the bus stop there's always a big pile of loogies. So. Gross.
ID	2	MAYDAY?!
ID	2	more work to do
ID	2	Sittin at the hospital with isaac cause he hit his head
ID	2	Feeling lonely and in need a a good friend
ID	4	10) I'm allergic to hot wax
ID	4	Awake and wishing I wasn't. Feel like my head may explode. Going to try to go back to sleep.
ID	2	I need my car back
ID	4	Awe. were going to meijer. not walmart. walmarts better.
ID	4	I'm too tired
ID	2	My legs are killing me now.  but i know it's a good pain all in all.
ID	3	Sitting here with my baby .. Libby has a fever 101.0  shes fussy
ID	2	Back from town and my Mac crashed on me  but it's better now
ID	2	I can't figure out the empire puzzle.  Stuck at 36
ID	4	@miss_r I can't get one either because of the dog. I'm pretty sure the bunny wouldn't survive a struggle with Tom
ID	2	Dear co-worker, its great you don't want to smell, that's what deordant is for, not a bath in cologne
ID	4	I wanna watch &quot;UP&quot; so badly!
ID	4	Finally got my money. Too bad it goes to bills
ID	4	@empirebetty Well I can tell you I didn't marry my like. Maybe that's why I'm stuck in situations like I am now
ID	4	@tom_pollard Never. I'm banned by Court Order
ID	3	@VernaeWilliams @LanceDrummonds you two are hilaaaaarious, I love it. Vernae where have you been  ?
ID	2	@VestaEresta: Geez, a cool man like him be the villains. Too bad
ID	2	Took a kind-of nap, too. My tummy hurts.
ID	2	@charrrbabyy I know!!  effing embarrassing! Eff our lives
ID	4	@cosmicgirlie Car not happy, big big dent in boot! Hoping theyre not going to write it off, crossing fingers and waiting
ID	2	Ugh,what a boring day
ID	2	wanna b marie antoinette, cos she had perfect hairdo, fab clothes, n tons of macarons.  Crappy day
ID	2	So... Inconclusive. There's still a chance i'll need surgery. I see the doctor again in 3 weeks for more x-rays.
ID	4	Jus chillin and doin my hrs. Friday afternoons tend to end up &quot;busy&quot;
ID	2	WHY CANT I FIND IT!!!
ID	3	@Pettles i know!! i can't believe it  it says on their bleedin song- donnie raps it!! tut
ID	3	@Kstricklen If I could, I'd send California sunshine your way.
ID	2	Just found a tink cover for a wii remote but the people i know dont have a wii  fail
ID	4	@kingivn Have fun amorsote even tho u forgot my bday which is today
ID	2	@meg_la_mania  it worries me: we read nasty stories about murder, paedophilia and disfigurement and only get upset about animal cruelty.
ID	4	@SeattleWillow Well I am at work.   But Leah might be doing something with Embry.
ID	2	@hamoke: these lecturing, book-worm beasts, out for a noble cause. . .why can't they just be normal
ID	2	@OfficialBB  Will we be able to see clips/episodes on the C4 website from America?  Or will I languish reading the news stories again?
ID	2	@CThun @regent_lord Can't we just all get along?
ID	3	@enthropologie It didn't rain.  Lightly misted though.
ID	2	.....headache
ID	4	All the food in my house has sugar ants in it
ID	3	@tinydeww I found out this morning too.
ID	2	@AngelIVXXX I tried to DM you but your not following me
ID	2	@myrewyn oh no! Poor thing keep us posted.
ID	3	@ArtFireJohn yeah i'm not shy doing everything that i can and still nothing  http://blackird72.etsy.com check out my sale, no bites yet
ID	2	@Juicytots yay!! we'll all move!! sorry dh is being Grr...  xx
ID	3	@smiley92 thanks  we did reviews today and i feel like idk anything. anyways. how r u?
ID	3	PERFECT SHOW TO YOU! enjoy for me
ID	3	@millyreyes follow her shes lonelyyyy
ID	3	@DirtyCucumber Me too
ID	4	so bored without a camera
ID	3	seniors done  5 more days!! woohoo!! going out for the night.
ID	2	Just got back from the grocery store. Now I'm starving and can't find anything to eat!
ID	3	@osandisays dude...come to amel larrieux with me tonight...errybody fakin!
ID	3	show was amazing. so cold out now  hope I can give victoria my card and get my dvds back ;) ha
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/67ofz - ugh grosss
ID	2	@hoperana nigel really enjoyed it, but he's got a big scratch on his side that inexplicably appeared afterwards...
ID	3	off work yesss ! super hungry
ID	2	Computer remains dead
ID	4	@AngieBeyince damn no dublin
ID	2	This world makes me sad
ID	2	on lookbook craving everyones clothes  i want a pencil skirt so baddd, someone send me one
ID	4	Now every Saturday till 8/4 for work.  sucks. And no Friday or Monday off for July 4th either.
ID	4	In 14 hours im taking 2 aerobics classes with only about 30 min break in between
ID	4	thinks its the perfect weather to go camping and cuddle up with dave under the stars and sleep
ID	4	No clubbing for me this weekend due to a busted knee  &lt;emo&gt;Life's unfair&lt;/emo&gt;
ID	3	aahhg....i only have 1 orange slice left ! do i eat it now ? or later ? this is quite a pickle im in  *sxyhrlygrl*
ID	0	@ImWendy that sucks!
ID	1	@ImWendy that sucks!
ID	0	But he has an out of date script. That's really bad. So midway thru his pitch we catch it. He gets all butthurt and storms out. His loss.
ID	1	But he has an out of date script. That's really bad. So midway thru his pitch we catch it. He gets all butthurt and storms out. His loss.
ID	3	Harley Quinn cstm  hehehehe  not going to the prom buaa
ID	2	i really want to ring @mitchelmusso but it costs 2 much  dam you credit crunch
ID	2	@Argyle_SocksO_o: I'm sorry, Shannon.
ID	2	@Sarawkweird I think that's pretty awesome. I could quote LOTR:ROTK for one summer, but now I can't anymore.
ID	4	@andyschwartz nah, i didn't actually sleep  the data recovery place called and woke me up
ID	2	I'm so getting the cold
ID	4	my arms hurt!
ID	2	Feel quite down, not quite sure why though :s so going to bed  night everyone x
ID	3	@danabaker Thanks hon. #Migraine went away then came back.
ID	4	@Vukizzle sadly my corporate giant employer won't let me get to that site...
ID	4	is about to go to gymnastics! my last day with this class!
ID	3	I need to sleep for a whole day to recover from this birthday!! I'm getting so old!!
ID	3	home after a while out! i feel like a long skate seshion but got arrands to do
ID	4	&lt;--has no internet for the weekend
ID	4	saw a dead bird on my way to work!what a kind of day to start?! Poor little bird!
ID	2	@Jesse236  I don't have any from you
ID	3	Just had a lovely walk with my dog ( all on my own! )...In the dark  But it was a nice walk though HEHE x.
ID	4	Not so good at remembering to do this twitter thing, sorry everybody! I leave for Tibet today...with a head cold
ID	0	Ugh, I hate 90 degree weather
ID	1	Ugh, I hate 90 degree weather
ID	2	@joyzaphine Ouch! Sunburn's bad! Hope it's not to sore on your bedding, that's always the problem.
ID	3	@saraxmazing ah! NFG were super amazing! Jordan is 'pretty legit'!! Can't stay longer 2 meet everyone cuz we hv 3 hour drive home!
ID	2	@phunybuny @iamtheplague Wow.  I hope he gets better... cancer can GTFO.
ID	2	sorry dunners just saw your tweet! totally let you down im so sorry babe  was at work till 8.30 very boooooo
ID	4	@melissaar I know you didn't agree with. It just angered me. Sorry for going postal.
ID	2	Ever since Orchid quit drinking from a bottle, she's been eating us out of house and home! Holy crap girl! Still not drinking milk though
ID	3	@NBkorey Spoofcards cost money  I need to make my 5 free minutes last! Thanks buddy
ID	2	@DoMeZydrate I agree. I missed a LOT while I was away and busy and now it's like a whole new place
ID	4	@BoomKatt  i want more but its just so bittersweet lol
ID	3	Ratings Army Wives  teary; Criminal Minds Yikes! Criminal Intent takes all sorts. real life news  horrifying ok me for bed nite all
ID	4	@lrntoswim Thx for #followfriday ... I'm afraid I've been remiss with my blips lately.
ID	4	Just an observation: Aside from the riverwalk, there are pretty much no cute girls in downtown sa
ID	4	i lost one of my best friends im sooo sad
ID	4	Sorry, It's hard finding Imeem free stuff  rb@Deesound: like that David Starfire but will like it more with a... ? http://blip.fm/~7a9fu
ID	3	My besties. If only @ddlovato was there.  on Twitpic http://bit.ly/bRg6W (via @MileyCyrus)
ID	3	@natalidelconte i didn't get to chat!   .  oh well.  time to eat a praline.
ID	0	Just when I thought albany couldn't any worse my ao's leave me
ID	1	Just when I thought albany couldn't any worse my ao's leave me
ID	4	Poor Greg  stupid UK, always doing the sympathy vote. xo
ID	2	Needs to learn lines for show, else director is going to kick my butt
ID	3	Ears nose throat doc wants to do surgery inside my face  diviated septum does not sound like a sexy thing.
ID	2	@Impala_Guy Me neither  But its getting better
ID	2	My husband just went fishing   How come knitting keeps you at home?  I need a lady hobby that lets me get out of cooking.
ID	3	@KrissWouldhowse I WANNA GO.
ID	0	I hate waiting in lines
ID	1	I hate waiting in lines
ID	2	My baby has his first busted lip.
ID	2	@ritzybee yes - it has put a damper on us &quot;getting to know&quot; Georgetown! Instead he is watching tv and I am catching up on invoices.
ID	2	I smashed my pinky in julia's car door... Fuck my life...
ID	4	@justkaty guess I missed out on more than beer and a good time
ID	2	Not  looking forward to next   wednesday at all
ID	2	@TferThomas so did you watch?  I'd forgottenmost of it, enjoyed re-seeing it, but paying for it today, my face doesnt bounce back anymore
ID	4	Tired. Going to take a nap. My finger hurts.  143
ID	3	okie gonna tweet more because i am loosing you guys or girls
ID	0	I hate being reminded how weak my eyes are  I overdid reading today, they're sore as fuck. Going to rest. -sigh-
ID	1	I hate being reminded how weak my eyes are  I overdid reading today, they're sore as fuck. Going to rest. -sigh-
ID	2	Daddy just left.................without me  http://yfrog.com/13pdrmj
ID	4	My grandparents cat may die... I love that cat. I swear if he goes... / / /
ID	4	My ex makes me cry. I wish I was stronger
ID	3	@Katie_Noonan I think ill do that! I well wanna go out, go no one to go out with  Loveyou xx
ID	3	@zanelowe I love wearing my hood too, even though in Portsmouth I usually get terrified looks from pensioners when i do
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/67ot5 - the most amazing decoration of a store i've ever seen... &amp; it's almost been 2 years
ID	2	actually, i like almost everything about my job right now. except the part where it's not permanent
ID	4	@feliciaodg  it does but the screen is dark - so when i click it, i hang up on whoever im talking to
ID	4	@thebigmac cool. my boobs itch. got sunburned at the volcano
ID	4	@Rubios_BeachMex Can't DM you since you don't follow me.
ID	3	@vestybaby I went to Chicago for a few days and was twitterless while I was there
ID	2	bored bored bored! wish i had something to do tomorrow, especially with the weather we're to have!  not fair
ID	4	@TheMikeKelly Sorry Mike, was assuming it was music that was missing..I don't know then.. a mystery..
ID	4	I miss talkin turkey.  I REALLY MISS TALKIN TURKEY.
ID	2	Traffic along McArthur!  okay, keeping my eyes on the road and my hands on the phone, err, steering wheel.
ID	3	Tonight was just a warm up for major night out in West end 2moro, gorgeous dress, killer heels, fraught with problems as big crowd going
ID	3	@quirke I wish he was still around.   there was a litter under our azalea. I caught DD in the back yard @ 6 am with bunnies in her lap.
ID	3	Aww chamber callbacks... Soo emotional
ID	3	Browsing through the web. And expecting to see the PMS forum back up, but no luck
ID	2	I feel bad over everything..  How can I be so stupid? Why was I so harsh? Its my fault, I know it. I'm sorry SaVvy, love you guys&lt;3
ID	2	so upset
ID	4	Seems really quiet tonight...am jealous of those who are clearly having a more exciting life than me   Off to bed I think...
ID	2	has a tummy ache
ID	2	yeah its Friday! I thought my sis was coming into town turns out she is not!!  so sad! i miss my babies!!!
ID	4	@joshjnap I'm honestly incredibly upset we couldn't make it. Devestated even. We would have lost a whole travel day and it just sucks
ID	2	That sucks that u have 2 go through that  id b pissed 2
ID	3	@Katiff are you feeling better? sorry you're feeling under!
ID	4	OFF TOPIC: missed both motorcades. The secret service tricked us all.  #bush #clinton
ID	3	i'm oh so very bored!  buut.. almost 2 days til i leave for france!
ID	2	Stuck in awful traffic in the way to the wedding. Ceremony is supposed to start now. Ughhh.
ID	2	Got my report card back- I was at 88 for my average and i went down to 82  now I have to kick it up a notch!!!
ID	2	@jaykpurdy awww poor jayk. :[ try to make the drive fun.and eat something soon!have a great show tonight i wish i could go,i live too far
ID	2	I think Max (my cat) may really be gone
ID	4	Is going to sleep now
ID	2	@KidCalloway SOWWY  I had 2 get up at 6:30 this morning
ID	4	@the_sandman_ @grave_wounds @hursty02 @samvoaden I miss you guys SO much  xx
ID	2	Ahhhhhh i feel ill , i dont think i should drink :L lmaoo
ID	3	im a pro at bbqing like. everyone loved my food, apart from the tesco man who said he was in a rush  mabye he didnt wanna be poisoned? idk
ID	2	learning all about non-payment from a client.  For a new business this is a headache I was hoping to avoid
ID	4	@rawr_333 Yeah.    I couldn't call my Dad, Mom, or brother either.  Mom = On the phone.  Dad = Phone card expired.  Brother = At work.
ID	2	my phone died  and i really need to go home to do my recap for @capstreetteam from last night! aiyaiyah! hate running errands
ID	2	@Brandystrippers OI, are you mocking the fact I dont cry at tv things?!  *Feels bad*xxx
ID	3	Mom just &quot;he'd&quot; me. *sigh* She's wonderful, and it was just a slip, but you'd think after coming with for my surgery it might go away...
ID	2	soo fucking stressed out...I think I could possibly lose it
ID	3	@clio_jlh LOL That's a special kind of magic, though! ;)  And did you see the special on Discovery?  They think Nessie died.
ID	2	av ad a realy gd day wiv Ciara Connolly at  park gate west kirby and new brighton.. fukin funny bt sunburnt.. luks like drivers arm
ID	2	j. alexanders... i'm sorry nintendo, but if i'm in a collared shirt then chances are you're staying home tonight
ID	0	@thirdgradehater this traffic is ridiculous im may not make it
ID	1	@thirdgradehater this traffic is ridiculous im may not make it
ID	4	@bogwhoppit Aw  yes we had it out for weeks got asked to return it in end! I wish they had just bought it for me! never mind ??
ID	2	@JonathanRKnight Oh, you poor thing!!    So sorry, babe....
ID	3	@keithahundred yeah I kno...I'm tryna change it bac but its not lettin meeee
ID	3	@DavidArchie hey when are you next in the UK?
ID	3	going to watch some tv now - crazy night out - up at 7am for work tomorrow  I'll live somehow! At least it means I finish early!
ID	2	@alex_lpz yeah text me!!! i wnat to go!!!!! but my car is broken!!
ID	4	What I'm gonna do  life is not good:'( no more Exit in this hallway I'm stuck in my world...
ID	2	@Jennvy Hey sorry this is late, I leave in 30 min  raincheck...tomorrow?
ID	2	Damn if there is anytime I need my car... its now! Dammit
ID	4	One of the most random phone calls ever. My god kill me now.
ID	2	@siansburys I've lost count of the number I've rung today already    Were going to Wales, but I'm due in court on monday!
ID	2	I don't like thunder. And neither does the doggy.
ID	2	ugh!!! i hate my life! no one is hiring! *sigh* stupid economy.... stupid bush
ID	2	My cat is anorexic
ID	2	@VintnersCellar If only they weren't in Shelby Twp
ID	2	@Jamiebower  you should come to Chile and your band too;) why everything  happens far away from here?? lol we're losing good live music!
ID	2	@BPVorsight thx for the suggestion - I don't think it'll be easy to convince her cold calling isn't aweful tho
ID	2	Trips are soooo not fun when you're sick
ID	2	Holy cheese sending things to the motherland is muy caro
ID	4	@lulion07 i'm praying for you. Sorry to hear about your bro, man
ID	2	why I love so much, why your make me smile all the time? why your so special but i cant have u  ? I got scared to try.
ID	3	@Danny30011980 @Gavinmusic great pic,have to upload my pix tomo,I've no laptop tonight.
ID	3	@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/5h3ad - And Brazil??? WE LOVE YOU TOO!!
ID	3	Sunburned on my face &amp; legs. Fixing to be my arms tooo.
ID	4	I just banged my elbow and its bleeding  owwiee
ID	4	@mitchelmusso Not allowed to call as I live in the UK, my parents say it will cost to much  Sucks !!
ID	0	@toin9898 Wow.. that really sucks!
ID	1	@toin9898 Wow.. that really sucks!
ID	4	i wish i was in Jonathon Ross' audience right now
ID	0	@MsStella damn. You could have just called or told me in person. You didn't have to humiliate me in front of the whole twitterverse.
ID	1	@MsStella damn. You could have just called or told me in person. You didn't have to humiliate me in front of the whole twitterverse.
ID	4	just watched BGT on catch up, aw i felt so sorry for holly
ID	2	@martinhavlat aww that sounds sad
ID	4	@niqa86 I miss you too, Mojokins! I go there, but not long enough to comment  Will do more this weekend!
ID	2	Doing my fieldwork databook. Slept awkwardly. Bones all sore.
ID	2	throat is reallyyyyy sore , i can barely talk
ID	2	@Clareies I'm 25 in december that's not good at all next big birthday is 30  after 21 it flys by for sure
ID	3	I'm SO thinking about skippin out to NY in the morning. . . but all of my plans were for tonight  well . . . most of them anyway.
ID	2	MY BEST FRIEND IN THE FUCKING WORLD IS MOVING AHHHHHHHHHHH wat am i 2 do im not a happy camper
ID	3	why I love so much, why your make me smile all the time? why your so special but i cant have u  ? I get scared to try.
ID	3	@jennyowenyoungs i can't believe you're coming near me! but to a place that i can't get into.  i love you, Jenny!
ID	2	please do not let me get obsessed, whatever or whoever is in charge of my actions  you've been doing such a bad job lately
ID	0	I am native, not french ! I hate this ! !  ! Trying to find animals in french, I SUCK, SOMEONE HELP PLEEEEEASE  ? Alone- Allison Iraheta ?
ID	1	I am native, not french ! I hate this ! !  ! Trying to find animals in french, I SUCK, SOMEONE HELP PLEEEEEASE  ? Alone- Allison Iraheta ?
ID	4	Shit night. want john  where is he?
ID	4	And Jenny is so gorgeous --' PFFFF i love her style, i want her outfits
ID	2	@PatBrough I've been there.  The only place I have flown out of since moving up north. Really pretty area for flying, but very expensive
ID	3	it's ridiculously warm in bed
ID	2	Just got caught in the down pour
ID	2	so we got our cap&amp;gowns today! senior year is coming to an end soo fayst!
ID	2	@AdidasGoddess19 HAHA Amen! Im sooo damn hungry... And I hate knowing my weekends gonna be shit, when its supposed to be great
ID	2	@DreamingMyth why not?
ID	4	so tired.   only need to be here another 30 minutes.
ID	3	@yesitsfiasco cool! ok yeah see i dont have the old files with separate vocals so im trying to punch em all up as one track(all i can do)
ID	4	@jdrydenUK Yeah, It's not available on Public market yet. but will be soon. looking forward. I'm sunburnt  arms are itching. boo hoo!!!!!!
ID	4	hanging out with Rex, missing Alabama and my Nanna already...
ID	0	f*** that weather
ID	1	f*** that weather
ID	0	Nothing good at the five dollar sale.
ID	1	Nothing good at the five dollar sale.
ID	3	@snuffdigital awww  well I am here...just in case...I am not like THE PERFECT FUNNY FRIEND but I`m here hehe
ID	4	@Mitchelmusso: Am sad i got no money on my phone. Ahh well  lly Mitchel xx
ID	2	Checkin out oramarecords.com. Got a fever and cnt sleep
ID	4	watching &quot;la rosa de guadalupe&quot; damm this episode is so true they are people that make fun of the people that are virgins
ID	3	also finally home with no friends or anyone.. kinda nice to sit in a quiet room.. do wish the gf was here tho...
ID	3	@ZachyHxC54 haha it scared the shit out of me.
ID	3	@jonasobsessedx ._.; Thanxxx ! Now with that message I just wanna leave !! )= ! BYE !
ID	2	@ragavin  is there anything Brian or I can do?
ID	2	@TattedHairGuy I'm sorry to hear about your uncle. I hope you're okay!
ID	2	Freakin' frustrated why can't my coach realize that times are hard ain't nobody got the money to buy cookie dough for no new uniforms
ID	0	In children's hospital ER hoping Meredith does NOT have a broken elbow/arm
ID	1	In children's hospital ER hoping Meredith does NOT have a broken elbow/arm
ID	4	Everyone is working tonight! I'm bored
ID	3	may have unintentionally snubbed someone due to my ineptness/shyness. feel badly
ID	2	@vanriper so how's the new gphone?! I guess I should have signed up to go to google io after all
ID	3	@kvagur  haha soooo party tonight???
ID	2	I am sad... Tanner wasn't invited to the Panthers development camp this year  Poor (other) Glassers. But Calla was, so good on him.
ID	0	Dear On the Boards Theater: You are so loud above my head  stomp stomp ugh
ID	1	Dear On the Boards Theater: You are so loud above my head  stomp stomp ugh
ID	2	@marshallsheldon Probably not a good idea, its hard to tweet on the web, I miss Tweetdeck!  *cry*
ID	4	@RetroRewind awwww i cried...makes me cry  i love joey!
ID	2	@ddlovato it's quite hard cause when you attempt to spread it, the cornbread falls apart...
ID	4	@mitchelmusso it wont work in the uk
ID	0	@tezi_soch hah nooo she is the obly one that can AUMFFF i hate nick because he is datin miley
ID	1	@tezi_soch hah nooo she is the obly one that can AUMFFF i hate nick because he is datin miley
ID	4	just watched terminator 2 and i cried, Its the one movie that makes me cry for some reason when arnie dies!  im lame!
ID	0	The Bucket List was a very bad film choice this evening.  I may need therapy now
ID	1	The Bucket List was a very bad film choice this evening.  I may need therapy now
ID	2	@Christe1 So sad. Your mom must be very shaken up. Peace and strength to her and the dear family that lost their little girl
ID	0	Bit disappointed with The Killers On Jonathan Ross  He's sexy as hell though
ID	1	Bit disappointed with The Killers On Jonathan Ross  He's sexy as hell though
ID	3	@LMontt I went on a Disney Cruise when I was a kid, but the characters were on strike so there weren't any
ID	3	@donnyosmond Very excited as we have just booked tickets to Vegas (we live in the UK) can't believe the  price of the show tickets
ID	3	@ghxststories boys r nothing but trouble...i love trouble
ID	4	HA! I'd give Kristen plenty of free hugs! *sigh* if only I could
ID	3	@KarolinePaixao EPIC moment! hahahha i swear.. i really wanna see it
ID	3	@bobbiepen yeah, I was always changing my hair color in High School.  I've pretty much worn everything LOL. Some good, some baaaaaaaad
ID	4	@deanm1987 Hey twit! Just watched poor Holly on Britains Got Talent  poor thing!! People are so mean - she only a 10 year old little girl!
ID	4	listening to music...feeling kind of down
ID	2	Head--&gt;ache.
ID	2	@AdamSchwabe http://twitpic.com/67owu - Nice - I had tickets for tonight's game, but I'm staying home sick
ID	0	boredddddddd, work tomorrow..  and sunday. i hate clarks
ID	1	boredddddddd, work tomorrow..  and sunday. i hate clarks
ID	4	i really really hate biology , u______________________u
ID	4	@lonejohnny awwww  I'll be waiting then, hope it doesn't rain
ID	4	Damm it! I didn't get a pic of niamh with her 3D glasses on
ID	4	@Wossy @juleskaos good show ... And the killers rock ... But they cut em short
ID	4	Missing how it used to be
ID	2	I didn't get my q'doba today! sad
ID	4	Watching the Killers on JR. They are awesome. Too late though. They just cut the programme mid song. Twas my favourite too.
ID	4	So lathargic... Definitely need today to rest. Sad bout havin to call out but mentally i needed to
ID	3	@yahyan  yahyan: @supremacii iaaaaaaaaaaaaan, i was just joking
ID	0	Oh man, I feel sick. As in I might have contracted a cold... maybe from the kids' slobber on Thursday
ID	1	Oh man, I feel sick. As in I might have contracted a cold... maybe from the kids' slobber on Thursday
ID	2	@Katizzle hehe yeah! but too late hun
ID	4	is so tired ive walked 6.05 kilometres today
ID	4	@deviantlysweet so neat hearing U on kiddshow today wish I was there
ID	4	@mitchelmusso i wish i could call but i live in the uk and i don't have the cash to call
ID	3	Have a fantastic opening flower drummers!! From the ALL Asian cast and crew
ID	0	@LaKia unfortunately noy   my life suck this year.
ID	1	@LaKia unfortunately noy   my life suck this year.
ID	2	@tropigalia I know, I stink at birthdays  sorry bra, hope you're having fun anyhow, in spite of me!
ID	2	The book bloggers panel is not listed anywhere in the program!   Be there tomorrow at 2pm in room 1E15.  #BEA09
ID	3	is rockin' a minivan til the STi is ready. I miss it already
ID	3	@QuEeN_AnGeL84 Awww i hope you feel better love...this weather is crazy...
ID	4	Omg guys my internet has been down the whole day  It's still not working  I'll try fix 2m
ID	2	I have ants in my apartment
ID	3	@LilMissOpinion I just noticed that  They are so ridiculous
ID	4	@PHXPhoto No kidding there! Ugh ... One thing I know for sure - it won't be me showing the property this weekend
ID	2	@thesmartplanner I so wish I could go to your blogging bootcamp in Knoxville this coming week! I'm so close but yet so far.
ID	2	Phone power is dying!
ID	3	@clouddancefest It was truly awful
ID	3	Come on, man, give me some slack!
ID	4	Sadness  The top horde guild that I liked disbanded.
ID	0	I really hate it when someone calls themself your friend BUT you only hear from them when they want something from you  #friendfail
ID	1	I really hate it when someone calls themself your friend BUT you only hear from them when they want something from you  #friendfail
ID	4	Man my daddy left to work again  I never see him a lot I miss my daddy :' (
ID	4	@hey_thomas if only the drinking game was tonight...I don't have to work till 5 tomorrow
ID	2	@heyagainlando Their inability to manage money, tough job market, and they're getting behind on bills. This is why no savings is bad
ID	2	I'm still recouperating from the holiday weekend, wow, I've never been sunburnt before, this really hurts
ID	2	@Impala_Guy Sorry about youre mom  But its great to hear your dad is the best - then you forgive him the SPARKLE ?
ID	2	Brianne. Can you call me when convenient? I don't have you # and am not near comp
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight I feel for you  I hope it's a smooth flight. Be safe! Mucho amor from Boston!
ID	2	So not looking forward to hurricane season. 3 days until...
ID	4	is watching &quot;Sicko&quot; and is utterly digusted with this country...
ID	4	@Lisa_Nova we had it but we lost it  very sad 4 us cause we loved it
ID	3	@Ashcoates its been fun so far, but its nothing like a festival altho we did have a cider this afternoon, but only the one
ID	4	@Jayisfly Jess is invited just not me  I feel really unloved by u AND Aj right now hahaha!
ID	2	@faffyfoo Yeah ...  I don't know why that happened on this video...
ID	0	I hate my vserver. Java says: Could not reserve enough space for object heap
ID	1	I hate my vserver. Java says: Could not reserve enough space for object heap
ID	4	waubonsie lost  they're out. i'm soo pissed
ID	4	i think i just good stood up...
ID	0	@MirandaBuzz ahhhhh....... i hate math!!!!!!! right now we r doing something so hard that we just learned today......  lol
ID	1	@MirandaBuzz ahhhhh....... i hate math!!!!!!! right now we r doing something so hard that we just learned today......  lol
ID	4	Shopping at sam's club in baton rouge. Mom brought step-dad to charity hospital so i cant go home yet  i had plans....
ID	2	my sleeping child does not want to wake up.....she will be up all night now
ID	3	@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/67hac - I dont like justin  but he means somthing to miley,so i respect that !!! Love you miley!!
ID	3	my poor baby girl is poorly  x
ID	2	@educatedlady lame
ID	4	hey guys! nm just here half bored
ID	4	@bobbiepen LMAO!!! Man I was so bummed when she stopped braiding
ID	2	@morgannJayy  lol...maybe for you...I still have to go in monday.
ID	0	@Skittles3640 No prob, skittles we always gonna have yall's backs. The true sweeties dont play.. LOL But yea we just got heated. We sry
ID	1	@Skittles3640 No prob, skittles we always gonna have yall's backs. The true sweeties dont play.. LOL But yea we just got heated. We sry
ID	4	angry, sad, happy, excited, i hate how my moods change  right now i am immensely sad =\
ID	3	@flossa  have a glass of cold water and meditate a bit. &lt;3
ID	3	@Jamieed i hope its earlier. september is along time offf
ID	4	@DWsRoseC i didn't have many in there, just 8, and the 1 that got deleted was just sent 2 days ago  and  i cried is on the rr... and i am
ID	3	When are @alyandaj gonna release another album already?!? I miss them
ID	0	so very irratated
ID	1	so very irratated
ID	2	@bowwow614 hey Bow when yu comin baxx 2 thaa 614 we miss yu hun  ...614 all day!!
ID	3	After hearing susan boyle sing she came off as the most beautiful person i'd ever seen. i feel bad for my first impression though
ID	2	when is it gonna be nice out
ID	3	Had Sbarro for dinner and Krispy Kreme for dessert. Mmmmm! But so not very healthy.
ID	4	Im JBobsessed  xD I miss them soooooo much!  They should have a live web cast on bookface ?  EVERY thursday xD
ID	4	Trying to install a vodafone internet key an an eeepc. I remember once it worked out of the box. But today it doesn't want to work
ID	4	It's so hard to keep up with everything! There's the whole coldplaying, twitter, facebook and not to talk about real life... Impossible.
ID	2	Feeling like crap sucks.
ID	3	@johnreppion awww  I'll let you off - but you'd better be there for my next 30th! XD
ID	4	@SodaKan sorry to hear about the wait list
ID	2	im sosososo sad, i should be seeing cory lamb in a few hours  i love that kid.
ID	3	@KirkDunst not cool.   Hope you feel better. I went up there for breakfast buy you were gone.
ID	3	@DaniDROPDEAD13 oi  i love you
ID	2	isnt going to the movies!! i got grounded
ID	2	@ashleymshep yeah girl you betta be on twitter! i miss you. jealous of jen's limo ride
ID	0	@MVPublicLibrary don't tape hold slips to items !! just ripped a digipack cd case
ID	1	@MVPublicLibrary don't tape hold slips to items !! just ripped a digipack cd case
ID	2	@Kaylalallama:  She's going to beamer for the rest of high school. i'm so sad. there will be no more prn journal.
ID	2	@TessMorris I considered being a nurse when I was younger but I really don't think I could cope if a baby died
ID	3	Feels like throwing up!
ID	0	@nelsoncrew  Don't hate me  I seek approval from anyone and everyone..
ID	1	@nelsoncrew  Don't hate me  I seek approval from anyone and everyone..
ID	2	my msn crashes way too much  hmph
ID	2	@Mitchelmusso: I sent you an other call me back message  x
ID	0	@boriqua206 Cause I'm not hearing from you guys!!!
ID	1	@boriqua206 Cause I'm not hearing from you guys!!!
ID	2	My back is all kinds of messed up, and Strudel is going to live in another town until we move, I'm going to miss the little runt
ID	2	New phone isn't syncing with my computer...I need numbers
ID	4	Back from Miami. I miss South Beach
ID	3	@martinhavlat Dang! Wish I could go  I have tickets for Sundays game!!
ID	4	@mitchelmusso would love to talk to you but i live in England so unfair
ID	2	Freakin' HAWT guys at this restaurant...where I'm eating dinner with my father
ID	2	@LMStellaPR Must have been the night for it. We had a nightmare evening too. You still sick too? Never gonna get well w/out sleep!
ID	4	battery is low boooooooo in Palm Springs, CA http://loopt.us/2SljBw.t
ID	4	It is hot here in Texas and our ac upstairs is broken so its really hot at my house.
ID	2	Missed the WBC counterprotests.  But probably going to WaterFire with Ben, yay!
ID	0	ahhh!!!! u know what really sucks??? i sprained my toe!! OUCH!!
ID	1	ahhh!!!! u know what really sucks??? i sprained my toe!! OUCH!!
ID	2	@adamjackson Better than what I did to my MacBook keyboard yesterday! (Spilled a whole cup of hot chocolate on it.)
ID	4	@thursdayband  We can't even call you from belgium  sucks
ID	4	i miss my husband
ID	0	It should be illegal for me to date
ID	1	It should be illegal for me to date
ID	2	graduation is done  im a little sad.. anyone want to hang out???
ID	0	I hate thunder and lightning!
ID	1	I hate thunder and lightning!
ID	4	life is so boring without you
ID	2	Realized that ManagingOnlineForums hasn't been reviewed on AMZN in May! I'd love if someone would share their thoughts! http://is.gd/JolG
ID	0	Musically, these headphones are awesome. For staying in my ear... not so good.
ID	1	Musically, these headphones are awesome. For staying in my ear... not so good.
ID	2	Is have a bad night at work.
ID	2	@ItsOneTen now you're scaring me.... can't you just be mad? Don't jip the world of your presence
ID	0	i hate rain and people.
ID	1	i hate rain and people.
ID	4	@x_crazyangel Gah   But Gregg should have got the hot and talented vote, dammit!
ID	3	Going out to eat with my entourage, probably to Fat E's since they're closing tomorrow!   watching a movie with Jimmy tonight, text me....
ID	4	@bowwow614 I would but I'm afraid I got two left feet
ID	4	@honeyfaery @that_kat I've begged my mum to lt me get them out the attic.. but she wont let me  Waaa... and yes, was spoilt! hehe!
ID	3	@montiAsutton I wish I could really do that  I love having u around! Ill see what I can do.. ;) try to use that national champ pull lol
ID	0	exhausted, but forced into attending a lock-in
ID	1	exhausted, but forced into attending a lock-in
ID	2	can't sleep without my routine &quot;before-bed snack&quot;, but  to find that it comes along with a fatfat tummy.
ID	2	Aw. Torn ace of hearts  #Hunchback
ID	3	LOVE @myfabolouslife LOVE him.  http://bit.ly/chLaV   @ that tease of Your Baby @ the end... boooooo. still luv tho.
ID	3	Im a loner  haha suckss
ID	2	@Kikirowr Aw not again!  Feel better soon bb!
ID	3	i wish i could teach my dog how to play xbox!  alas...no thumbs
ID	3	Great, just great. #Cookoutofthecentury and my wife's tummy hurts. Just. Great.
ID	0	My bike was put on hold...should have known that.... argh total bummer
ID	1	My bike was put on hold...should have known that.... argh total bummer
ID	2	Omg i here thunderrrr i wish i was home  i love cuddling with a blanky during a storm
ID	4	Ughh from the filling in my tooth my ear is starting to ache ! What a life
ID	4	@nicholasxjonas  you disappointed me
ID	4	Ahhhhhh - software downloaded but can't get install file to work
ID	4	@james__buckley Good for you mate, sadly I couldnt get pissed tonight fucking driving bad times
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/67qv3 - Me at Forever 21  Ethan couldn't be there
ID	3	I am so full. No more food tonight... I don't want no cake and ice cream at this party.
ID	4	Having one of my bad days....Migraine today. My 1st since my neck surgery about 2 1/2 months
ID	3	i need to write really bad. can someone go get my diary from my flat for me
ID	3	Watchin 'how to lose a man in 10 days' wiv mum  lol
ID	2	Poor Kella is on meds now for an ear infection; she lost her food all over @deannamichelle twice at the doc's
ID	2	Back is killing me, wish the pain would go away
ID	3	YES!  I have my e-mail down to one window (most of which are marked for follow-up on Monday).  all the dang paper still here tho
ID	2	I think I have H1N1...     Or maybe just a cold.
ID	4	Is really sad that shes missing critical mass
ID	2	@JYBeliever sore throat (like hurts to swallow) runny nose and constant sneezing
ID	4	@sky14kemea There gone.  Now I'm going home.  Make me sad to leave the mall.
ID	4	Smackdown is a lot more boring without Maria.
ID	3	@darkkiller101 I miss you too!!   And don't say &quot;damn&quot;!!!  lol
ID	4	@DJGigiDred not fare lady, no body naps while I am at work
ID	2	im so tired  &amp;i miss dionee already.
ID	3	Headed to see friends new baby. Gave up trip to the lake cause of dance class. Such a good mama.
ID	0	i don't wanna go back to school on monday
ID	1	i don't wanna go back to school on monday
ID	2	@jeweljk I can't get it to load for me.
ID	0	it just thundered reallyreally loud at work and this little boy started crying  I wanted to cry too...I hate storms! wah
ID	1	it just thundered reallyreally loud at work and this little boy started crying  I wanted to cry too...I hate storms! wah
ID	2	back to work tomorrow  whose idea was it to go back on a saturday?!? Oh wait... that would be mine. FAIL.
ID	2	@mollyissogyo I made room...I don't have a bed from how much room I made and now I'm outta space for sure lol, and I know I'm pathetic
ID	2	Im so depressed! I got an 80 on my global test
ID	4	I sooooo miss Chinese takeout!
ID	3	@catrionat7 Lol I Sed Want to Not Ach Dress Up For No Reason. Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeee Im Bored.  Lol
ID	3	hahahahah i woke up at 9 today.. totally missed lecture and the quiz  open lab was useless. chipotle w/ silvera and jenny was greeat 8D
ID	3	Finally got a date for the bonfire tonight. Kinda last option but whatever. None of the chicks I wanted to go with never texted me back
ID	0	@DreamsAnais_MJA ..I don't know who gon do the yelling &amp; cussing for upgrades when u go.
ID	1	@DreamsAnais_MJA ..I don't know who gon do the yelling &amp; cussing for upgrades when u go.
ID	4	@kanoaofgomega our love goes out to you Kanoa  sorry for your loss dear
ID	4	I hear tonight is the last jleno show
ID	4	@hanaabanana i know!!!!!!!!! yopu only just got round to watching it?  i cried!!!!!
ID	4	@darkmornan that was so disappointing
ID	2	hey @mitchelmusso i tried callin u but it wont let me
ID	4	recovering from a hard day of homeschooling my dd, chemistry did NOT go well...
ID	3	So much to tell-Only blip is her immune system hasn't recovered-not yet a newborns. Give it 6 more months.  But that's nothing.
ID	4	wow, there's still the void of whre thomas left  The heartache is never going to go away
ID	2	Wow, NOT free WiFi &amp;&amp; you have to pay for parking!? Reduculous!!!
ID	4	Darn i dont have guitar tomorrow
ID	4	ticked off cause i can't go see &quot;drag me to hell&quot; with melissa and amber. staying home on a friday night is NOT my thing.
ID	3	I love my puppy
ID	2	@ingridmusic whaaaaaat? oh no! why didn't I know you were here?
ID	2	@aAaAle  haha ...i'll let you know how the show was ... hope here in romania they will show it on Mtv.Sunday morning I have an exam
ID	3	Six feet under theme is on jjj
ID	0	can't upload a picture. I already hate twitter
ID	1	can't upload a picture. I already hate twitter
ID	4	@PrettyGrl_Annie I can't  I'm goin outta twn 2night. Sorrrryyy
ID	3	bbq was great... just relaxing around the house!  dont wanna leave my city but have to tomorrow... got to clean the house when i get back
ID	2	My baby isnt online yet  booooo
ID	2	@willameda I really really hope that doesn't happen.
ID	2	@ebrettrubin i dont get one? fine! i say texting is way more meaningful than twittering
ID	0	i feeeel like shiit  blahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
ID	1	i feeeel like shiit  blahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
ID	2	Now, I regret not going to see Up today. Damn you, messy room.
ID	2	is at cindy babys house......taking in these last fridays we have together  DR!!! i hope
ID	2	T.G.I.F to bad i have to spend it in the E.R
ID	3	no so sad about that  i'm from MALTA have you heard about it ?
ID	2	really don't mind (too much)) sittin @ standstill, listenin 2 music, twttrg. But the gas gauge isn't lookin healthy
ID	2	@nessa665 this creepy guy when I was walking the dog  I've had my fill of creepers for the day
ID	2	@LaurenConrad it says Lo's page doesnt exist
ID	0	How the fuck do 2833 songs fill an iPod that is supposed to hold 4000?
ID	1	How the fuck do 2833 songs fill an iPod that is supposed to hold 4000?
ID	2	Sick. Feel like jello, can't talk, and delirious.
ID	4	@wossy what a smashing show tonight! Love the Killers! Wish I had been there, gutted... Such a shame they got cut off mid-song at the end
ID	4	I miss him  ARGH
ID	2	wishing I was anywhere but here...
ID	2	@BBC_Fangirl Won't let me watch since i'm in the states.  Boo.
ID	4	@jpsherman That's true. Unfortunately, the leads in the movies don't die on such a high note. It's more the Friday The 13th model
ID	4	I  do not want to work tomorrow!
ID	2	the next 2 weeks, exam wise, are AWFUL. there are 8 exams and I don't see how I can adequately revise all of them  I care least about...
ID	0	@karriereKay being sunburnt is horrible
ID	1	@karriereKay being sunburnt is horrible
ID	4	Moving: nothing accessible. Camera broken, kitchen stuff in boxes, no internet.  Makes it hard to cook or blog.  get me to brooklyn!
ID	3	I have two hours to wait for my tire to get repaired.
ID	2	@jwalsh well, the requirements are quite high as well
ID	2	@Erock2106 yeah! but too late  lol
ID	2	Getting ready for my graduation party ........(id much rather be at Hello Marquee or Dane Cook)
ID	4	Early(ish) night tonight - I'm doing overtime at work tomorrow again  boo for working on a Saturday!
ID	4	Work is a no go
ID	2	@LaraLea awww, we JUST missed you then!!  But I'll see you tonight!!
ID	4	Really missing hockey already.  Off for a night in Dtn Naperville.  Can't wait for the day off tomorrow,  I have to work Sunday.
ID	2	@apunbindaas ......when I find chays keys  im gonna clean my room up tomorrow. They'll pop up
ID	4	@aholston Homework bound for the whole weekend, not so fun
ID	4	Roxie is not feeling very well  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6878284
ID	3	I woke up and my hiccups came back!
ID	4	@Wossy The Killers where the best. A bit disappointed that the last song was cut short  Can you watch it in full on Iplayer ?
ID	2	Just woke up from a five hour nap. I still have a headache.  Medication time!
ID	2	@patzilla83 I can't have any.
ID	2	@tine143 I was going to but I'm siiiick  I'm so mad!!!! Jason said I have to recover fully before I go paintballin again! Are u playing?
ID	3	Last night in Chicago!  Making it one for the record books. Wrigley most likely? See you there?!
ID	2	@marshallochs i don't have texting.....
ID	2	Because you're everything to me DEMI LOVATO
ID	4	Stuck on the 710 ... Going to my 2nd job ...  ... Why can't I find a good office job???
ID	4	@mitchelmusso I can't call Mitch!  Im from sweden!
ID	4	@vautlapeine ... you mean the fam , minus ahugs
ID	2	Have a HUGE headache... don't have asprin here at work.
ID	4	@mpvt another david hughes on your list? I'm hurt  @davidahughes ftw!
ID	2	playing singstar without my fave duetter
ID	2	i cant spell
ID	4	asda ready meal - i don't think i'll ever be the same again
ID	2	@casablancadonna Glad TS brought it! Sorry about ur foot shorty...ur gonna have to relax wit the heels
ID	2	I really want to go to milwaukee but my sis doesn't want to  well she won't tell me
ID	3	BBQ's gone well ! Weather stayed good which is a right bonus. Just off to bed, training in the morning at 06:30 then work
ID	2	This economy thing is getting us down. I stay positive mostly but sometimes it really gets to me. Hoping Todd gets work soon.
ID	2	@GentleSinner Very afriad  I might copy the picture that I just put up... and change it a little, should I?
ID	2	it is red hot bin tryin 2 get 2 sleep 4 ages but i cant
ID	2	i want  to go to a  concert  from fob now!!! i miss  it   can't wait  any longer ...
ID	4	@littleisis What time are you coming up here? I don't want to spend the day with mom
ID	2	Sleep time for me now, lots of last minute revision tomoro; exam on Monday  night tweet-ers &lt;3
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/67rcp - Another one...those were taken at 3 am MET! U see I have a real sleeping disorder
ID	3	i miss k_ris punking me everytime we hung out and effnng me up
ID	4	Harley passed away in December 2008  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/616974
ID	4	What did I learn today? Never post anything you've sold on ebay using royal mail. They lose it, I refund: compo's nowhere near - my bad
ID	2	@jillvee If it keeps up like this I'm soon not going to have anything to blow the liquids OUT of!
ID	2	@SelfEdge what causes the frustration buddy?
ID	0	@mtmont gah!!! twitpic is uploading sideways today
ID	1	@mtmont gah!!! twitpic is uploading sideways today
ID	4	@RubyRedsocks yup then we are a day older
ID	0	@Anna_Fur_Laxis It makes me feel physically sick. I read Let The Right One In and was only horrified by the cat violence.  Just horrible
ID	1	@Anna_Fur_Laxis It makes me feel physically sick. I read Let The Right One In and was only horrified by the cat violence.  Just horrible
ID	2	ugh! my teeth hurt! its taking the enjoyment out of jack-in-the-box.
ID	4	@Gailporter p.s am gutted- went to order dead famous on dvd today from amazon, couldnt find my wallet, went back and last one sold out
ID	2	It's raining and I'm outside without an umbrella.
ID	2	Why are young people attracted to trouble? this makes me sad!  ,&lt;3 kMv
ID	3	is  wishing work was done soon  &lt;3
ID	4	My cable signal is all messed up!!! I'm missing Ghostwhisperer  In other news I have hurt my toe and have a cold, in like hot weather!!!!
ID	4	is bored at work
ID	4	Soooooooooo glad to learn that Farrells ice cream parlor is staging a comeback in So. Cal -- too bad it's in the Mission Viejo mall
ID	0	@Yermilla really? bcoz i'm not good in math &amp; we r learning sumthing that we won't need  so thats why i don't like math &amp; my teacher is uh
ID	1	@Yermilla really? bcoz i'm not good in math &amp; we r learning sumthing that we won't need  so thats why i don't like math &amp; my teacher is uh
ID	2	@MysteryArtist I never knew
ID	2	@mitchelmusso i love you but i can't call you cause i live in argentina  really really love you mitchel!
ID	4	@mitchelmusso i cant get through
ID	4	new guitar hero metallica guitar is already broken  #fail
ID	2	@alittletrendy but he was only 39  sorry, I tend to ramble about him,
ID	3	@kimble09 yeah   but I'm jus glad the thunder stopped .
ID	2	Every time I pay off my library fine, I get a new one.  I'm a bad patron
ID	4	still no pool key. wth. it's even hot out today.
ID	2	Laying in bed til workkk... Oh the life. Definitely pinched a nerve.
ID	2	@MissKittySF umm well i only go to house clubs and i never go to north beach so.no idea, sorry  been out 1x there 2 a now defunctlesi club
ID	2	Then it just HAD to start raining here. ughh... (via @dusktallon) haha you died   what did you do at muskoka
ID	3	Definitely need to work out after this business trip- too much free food and alcohol. I'm sure I've gained a few pounds.
ID	4	At the library  being friggin bored.
ID	0	whats the point of wisdom teeth? NOTHING! grr in so much pain and i look like a chipmunk FML
ID	1	whats the point of wisdom teeth? NOTHING! grr in so much pain and i look like a chipmunk FML
ID	2	@marting05  I know... he's mad at us... :'(
ID	2	@hatz94 Nooooo get on now! Haha i'll be gone later
ID	4	Everything is cool now. I wish the boy was able to talk.
ID	4	So I really need to put the laptop down &amp; start getting ready for @melancholyjeans shindig...But I've missed my TwitterLoves all day
ID	3	Thanks to my assignment im off to work today!
ID	3	another great workout! but I'm feelin kind of funny
ID	2	owe i just burnt my hand on the toaster oven
ID	0	Living down @ Alki without off-street parking BLOWS. 3:30p &amp; there is no parking. Wkds are the worst, feel like a hostage.
ID	1	Living down @ Alki without off-street parking BLOWS. 3:30p &amp; there is no parking. Wkds are the worst, feel like a hostage.
ID	0	And the city I love, Tucson, is the 18th most miserable  http://bit.ly/k3Gmw
ID	1	And the city I love, Tucson, is the 18th most miserable  http://bit.ly/k3Gmw
ID	0	Lol..2 people in falcon..and boo one of them being becca
ID	1	Lol..2 people in falcon..and boo one of them being becca
ID	3	is up early to send someone off at the airport!  http://plurk.com/p/x2wsw
ID	2	Had a great day, apart from the fact that I bought a USB HUB and as soon as I plugged it in, it broke!!!!    Damn you Tesco!!!!!!
ID	4	I feel like drinking wine, but I don't have any.
ID	3	word is marlon brando gave him 25 cent . . . yeah , tha GODFATHER
ID	2	so  im really borde and i dont know what i should do.
ID	3	Is helping out at church pianos +stairs+gravity= heavy
ID	2	Okay, this weather isn't &quot;cute sundress&quot; friendly. I dont get how it could be so warm one minute and cold the next. I was freezing
ID	2	@its_sb I killed my furby tooo
ID	2	@lucashardy how are you gonna get them? I got bitten
ID	3	I just want to watch my Naruto Shippuuden missed episodes.
ID	4	@phillyreds sad, but true
ID	3	@mitchelmusso I want to talk with but the calls are so expensive  I LOVE YOU
ID	2	4 shifts down, 2 to go... then its my birthday!! but, should i be getting excited??? im turning 29 which means im almost 30
ID	2	@kerryisonfire i just went to find that unity girl on bebo, i cant find her! i fail at bebo stalking
ID	2	Its finally nice out... An hour before we leave
ID	2	@nina_serafina85 Its headed this way
ID	2	@thepresidentJx3 no one ever gave me the info I'm sad
ID	4	@PatriciaErin *hugs* Oh gosh, I'm sorry
ID	2	Just found out that one of my coworkers in St. Paul (who I actually know and talk to) got laid off. This blows.
ID	2	Gonna miss the girlys soo super loads! Wish I wasn't going for 3 weeks! It's wayy to long
ID	4	Has a head cold
ID	0	@velvetella Hey! Polka dots or black dress. Both very glam. Mobile twitter's a bit crap at the mo.
ID	1	@velvetella Hey! Polka dots or black dress. Both very glam. Mobile twitter's a bit crap at the mo.
ID	2	went to bestbuy today and found that they had pretty much ever HP except the one i wanted to look at
ID	3	@JosieChang I don't get it...
ID	2	@AndreaKoeln awww, im so sorry hun  im sure she didn't do it on purpose though, she seems so sweet! Maybe it was a 24 hour thing? :s
ID	2	@SuprnaturlShana I'm sorry you're having a bad day   I was just looking back through. Do I need to give someone a knuckle sandwich?
ID	2	@AlpineKyle I am in the 'real world' which apparently involves a lot less twitter....  sorry!
ID	3	@JessieeeS I agree! mmm so good, i miss eating it with you tho
ID	4	oh also... here's a clip of the new moon trailer, that i can't watch cuz i'm at work.   http://bit.ly/wXa9l
ID	4	@juicystar007  man i wont be home to co host with you!  xo*blair
ID	3	@selenagomez bananabrain2 got hit by a car and got screwed! : O, 32 oepn wounds, a broken finger, broken toe (both toe and nail) f**ed up
ID	2	I think the rain killed my phone
ID	4	@Rachelamac aww you poor thing  hope all goes well!
ID	2	Seth Green tells WalletPop his secrets of financial success as 'Unbroke' premieres. link was too long
ID	2	Missing Nate more than usual tonight
ID	2	@Glinner I'm sorry. It sucks I can't get spotify free. I would never stop you but I just got 5 links from 3 different people. It's crud.
ID	4	A message from @Songoftheoss Could you let people know I have been booted off
ID	4	You such a good friend &lt;3 I miss you so much
ID	3	i have problems wih pizza..ii love it too much..i'm so addicted to pizza  and Dot Dot Curve. &gt;
ID	2	@souljaboytellem Lucky u Im stuck in the rain...
ID	4	@JBOO46 when he's there. he wasn't there today. sadness!
ID	4	@misssammibaby why are you sad?
ID	2	Also just realized that my digital voice recorder doesn't have a USB port!?!?! I think I picked the wrong model
ID	0	@SeanyeWest the mind plugs work, but the patent got turned down b/c someone already thought of earplugs and benedryl
ID	1	@SeanyeWest the mind plugs work, but the patent got turned down b/c someone already thought of earplugs and benedryl
ID	4	FML.. today sucks.. i just hope the dance will bring my soul up.. i pray, but im still sad..i hateee todayyyyyy!!! &gt;;(
ID	2	@markhoppus Are we going to be able to buy more than 1 ticket online through livenation tomorrow? cant make it to LA
ID	3	@rachyzilla still haven't been to the infamous liverpool store  my manager helped set it up said it's awesome (y)
ID	3	@becckysmith aw no!  yeah I must say, it was very good haha
ID	0	Boring starting work weekend soon................ 1st need to get a Tim Coffee so I can make it through this damn night shift........
ID	1	Boring starting work weekend soon................ 1st need to get a Tim Coffee so I can make it through this damn night shift........
ID	0	Windows updates suck. There are so freaking many of them.
ID	1	Windows updates suck. There are so freaking many of them.
ID	2	@Linebeck Wrong  Besides, you wouldn't even draw for yourself now so giving yourself the &quot;responsibility&quot; to post there wud be better
ID	2	@elainanic  hope u feel better sweetie
ID	2	Uh-oh...it's becoming grey again out here. I hope it's not one of those &quot;pop-up showers&quot; on the way.
ID	4	I want korean bbq so baddd but no one can come with me
ID	4	@leischen1shows always come up when we have the money least, it's the rotten law of averages
ID	3	639 baby! GOD ITS SAD REALLY  oh well lifes a partaaay! xxxxxxxxxx
ID	2	@kirstiealley After many attempts, I can't figure out how put a pic in the avatar. Tells me pic is too big. Frustrated trying.......sorry
ID	4	@mitchelmusso i want to but i can't call you cause i live in argentina  I really really love you mitchel! You're AWESOME, you Rock!?
ID	0	y do i even bother getting a new fone..i just fucking break them anyway,,,fones dont float,,especially when thrown in the pool
ID	1	y do i even bother getting a new fone..i just fucking break them anyway,,,fones dont float,,especially when thrown in the pool
ID	4	@MinaScope there is always traffic heading back here to long island on fridays.
ID	4	Love the movie Grease! Can't believe that Jeff Conaway is the same guy who played Kenickie...so sad to see him on Celebrity Rehab
ID	2	is not looking forward to returning to reality tomorrow.
ID	4	Drove a #Mazda #RX8 today and boy, that car is fun! Sadly though, I don't find my car that much fun any more
ID	2	@its_sb I swear mine was evil  it was green and everything LOL
ID	4	Waiting for Danny to text me back,,,  xoxo
ID	3	so ready to go home
ID	3	Im had to leave early to go to piccolo practice.
ID	2	@Kreeoni I can't follow that one
ID	4	@Nkcaump Excellent pic! Wish I were there, but it's a long drive from TN.
ID	2	oh no! :| no more celebrity ding dong for ages
ID	3	@JayDoub Hello, im good thank you - tottaly tired, been working lots today...tottaly shattered!  what about u
ID	2	@sanchaaaa im sadd sancha  june 18 for me is a fail  its gonna be you and chini ((((((
ID	2	@NB82 aww sorry ot hear that  least its work though!
ID	4	Mowing #6. I hate my lawn
ID	2	@DatBoyXO oh wow...hope he's ok  u take him 2 the vet?
ID	4	Just saw a trailer for Batman Arkham Asylum and you can play as the Joker. But that's only PS3 exclusive. Damn  That hurt.
ID	2	last thoughts, again: is sorry, laura. and doesn't want her last tweet of the day to stuart to be nasty   *hugs* ?
ID	3	Getting a little mowing the grass in this evening!  fun
ID	4	@liddesigns oh no, sorry to hear abt Firefox crashing on you.
ID	3	really hopes her car's illness is not terminal...
ID	3	i wish it was summer
ID	4	booo that meanie @victoria is teasing me with a piece of cheese!   http://twitpic.com/67rt8
ID	3	@samchannah @juliedeborah Beer is an excellent excuse. Earlier i was sweating god knows how much! Not looking forward to working tomorrow
ID	2	I have class tomorrow and tomorrow is Saturday, I hate having class Saturday
ID	4	@Its_Aitana K ??? What??? No way!!!! No
ID	2	one of my besties is moving away
ID	0	@harperkzm that sucks  booo.
ID	1	@harperkzm that sucks  booo.
ID	4	@melly16 hmm a certain one who ive gave up on liking as he mucks my head about :^) i give up with them sometimes tbh
ID	0	There is ALWAYS one JOYKILL in the crowd!    haters!
ID	1	There is ALWAYS one JOYKILL in the crowd!    haters!
ID	4	im just dreamin out loud, i cant have you for mine and i know it
ID	2	At Home Depot and no one will help me load my plywood into my van for some reason.
ID	2	ugh! looks like it can rain any min now
ID	2	do not go to moes mexican grill, it is TOO spicy!
ID	3	my 43 quid lastminute.com Secret hotel at heathrow is surprisingly nice. No soap tho
ID	2	@RachelDouglas I am totally trying to get back my PCW too
ID	2	NCP no longer has job placement
ID	3	playing at my old school playground still the same except them lame ass got rid of the tire swing
ID	2	I'm at church now..bout to od on my smoothie bc it might be melted when I come back
ID	4	I'm very sad  Show do McFly nesse exato momento, e eu aqui...
ID	2	A 35 minutos... Split-up.
ID	4	@monkeymad2 nooooooo!! not the receipt!!  don't break my heart
ID	2	@AnnieSenior what are u talking about??? since when dnt u trust me? this hurts... Im a good secret keeper
ID	2	@DNK_Anais I feel reeeally bad now.... sorry
ID	2	@loveyoumoreMJ unfortunately I'm not drunk enough lol and have no money to get drunk  I have had alot though as u can imagine haha
ID	2	am so bord and wishes she had an ipod touch
ID	2	@TrillMill I need to go shopping with you...but I need to save my money
ID	4	@MrGranger trouble is i don't think any of this is helping my wrists.
ID	2	@nkangel74 Yeah I hate that too!!!! Sorry ur goin thru that
ID	2	im scared of thunder
ID	4	@daniellefecci &quot;You guys could have fun in a cardboard box&quot;.. I miss you already, bro.
ID	2	Well just left six flags. Didn't get to ride what i wanted to. Bummer.   maybe next time.
ID	2	@afwife08  sorry to hear that. Is is a 365?
ID	0	@erickimberlin ew man, i hate you  TBS &lt;3
ID	1	@erickimberlin ew man, i hate you  TBS &lt;3
ID	3	OK, time to head into Urban Outfitters to see what catches my eye, then head home, since this rain is hindering any more pics for the day
ID	4	Two months ago, I became irrelevant.
ID	3	@devidev im stuck 2  this when my la love turns in2 road rage lol
ID	4	Feeling better today, but still sick.
ID	4	aw &amp; I really miss Alice &amp; Charlotte tonight  Dunno why though, hey are both spoons ;)
ID	3	Is cold  Mind you I have been sat outside for 30 mins waiting for a lift. I don't care how much of a balearic evening it might be!!!
ID	2	so sad i wont b able to go to the eugenia kim sample sale in ny. womp womp.
ID	4	nooooooo  sue is retiring  no no no no!
ID	4	Low profile tires suck! They won't have my size in until monday
ID	3	The Killers on Jonathan Ross completely epitomised why I love them with all my fangirl heart.  Seriously wow.  I miss Reading, &amp; Dublin
ID	2	@Only_Leah   i cant help it all this talk about losing our fathers makes me sad
ID	2	Fuck.. my legs are sun burned...
ID	0	@HallamBritten I talked to Kat, that is crappy
ID	1	@HallamBritten I talked to Kat, that is crappy
ID	2	@MarieC09 My right ear's been blocked up today  bit like when you've got water in it. Any idea's 2 clear it? don't like putting liquid in
ID	3	@TheShoctor @pezhore @O3Visuals @N9VLS Victory! Now I just need to reinstall all my damn apps.
ID	4	I had a hard time loving people as Christ did, today people picking stuff up at my work were just dumb, and annoying
ID	4	@jaidenkhat sadface
ID	2	twitter is acting weird
ID	2	@SoleneD i need a job that can pay off all my hospital bills. i have been very sick lately.
ID	2	Bah DHCP server, why must you keep falling on your face
ID	2	It's cold and cloudy and I have a million loads of washing to do
ID	2	@ninjang facepalm  hope the interview is a choice and not a forced thing...
ID	4	TwitterBerry hates me
ID	4	@RealAudreyKitch i'd seriously kill for a bath the now.  but we only have a shower cubicle. I miss bubble baths!
ID	3	Watching the Fashion Show (BravoTV). I didn't know this show existed! Ha-ha. Craving steak, pancakes and mashed potatoes. Ugghh.
ID	0	Did NOT get paid today.
ID	1	Did NOT get paid today.
ID	2	@filmscoregeek Thanks for the R, but, sorry, the LOTR was spam.
ID	2	ughhh rejected from the 09 mediation program. SUCKSSSS.
ID	4	Having some Coronas, and have a bad craving for Mexican pastries, but i'd have to go to Uptown to get some
ID	3	Watering the plants at home. Drinking a delicious smoothie from morgans because my jamba exploded.
ID	2	nooo i cant be sick...not now! im about to go see my new nephew
ID	3	is going to forgo Pub Night with the wife tonight. Tough week for both of us and neither is really up for it. Plus our neighbor died
ID	4	Aw .. the grillz in my background look like plaque ..
ID	4	@Rorzshach I wish  I'm not very good at it tbh :/
ID	3	im nervous :/ i want @mmilanezi to gimme a bear hug
ID	4	@summersunrays that's sad
ID	4	Hey dude who turned down a flyer, you're a poser and not nice
ID	2	So much for just an oil change... Do not pass Go, do not collect $200, lose $160
ID	4	@kirkfranklin @therealmarymary yall my auntie jus got n a bad car accident...pls pray with me 4 God's will 2 b done...
ID	2	@JonathanRKnight wish you were on your way to Tampa! FL girls are missing ya!
ID	4	I'm so hungry
ID	4	5 Mins, till the end of follow me Friday
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/67s14 - Saw a family of five get out of this motor home and into laundromat to clean clothes and bedding
ID	4	so i got to my exam centre n they said we can't let u becuz of your sleeveless top! U cud BELIEVE that!? i had to go home
ID	4	@LostMyHeart  hoping it'll go away... I mean I get all teary at the drop of a hat anyway, but it's been truly awful lately - full out sad
ID	2	@CHRISDJMOYLES Sorry to spoil it but he didn't this time
ID	3	Just realized it is friday and b/c of a party I don't get to go racing.
ID	4	and now i smell pancakes...or maybe toast... or something delicious. but no one is at my place cooking
ID	2	Santa monica bound
ID	2	@mitchelmusso i wish i could call you but it will cost a lot  my parents wont let me
ID	3	Headed home, dad duty tonight. Might take the kids to the course again. Although my boys took me for $11 last night in a chipping contest
ID	4	Aw, not going to Toronto anymore.
ID	3	wants to go swimming
ID	4	@CHRISDJMOYLES the justice left when DJ Talent was voted off (N)
ID	2	Brand new is playing at the epicenter in July when I'm in NY. Jesse lacey why do you hate me?
ID	2	@heatherjoy76 I have to figure out how this works!! I don't get it  Hope you're doing well!!!
ID	2	@mercutiom i know! i just got off the phone with them. it will leave a Giant hole on Mill. + Regions also closed.
ID	2	I know  I have no clean clothes either. And the washer's in the kitchen  Damn you #kitchenfire
ID	4	sweaty and tired from the 6 lap run.  gonna do sun run next year no matter what.
ID	2	twit, my way out of grad traffic.
ID	3	@fly_meaway I'm sorry hon  I know how it feels though...I'm usually crazy but at a family gathering I'd probably hold back like that also
ID	3	@TweetTwang gotta check with the bro on that...and mine is a girl
ID	2	can't sleep... havent finish my homework  DAMN IT !
ID	0	People are people...nooooo? Id never have guessed tht...idiot..im grouchy now
ID	1	People are people...nooooo? Id never have guessed tht...idiot..im grouchy now
ID	4	Up was pretty good. It was kind of depressing though
ID	3	wants to cool down
ID	2	already crying and the movie only started like 15mins ago
ID	3	toy story 3! june 2010. i can't wait that long.
ID	4	@gengenw who knows  It makes me sad  lol
ID	2	Just passed a wrecked car  hoping everyone got out OK. Finally picking up speed. Should have been in B'mpre by now.
ID	4	@asdquefty Yes they are, and now they're all gone.  Did you enjoy yours?
ID	2	@BonusJonas Lucky. Winter is coming for us
ID	4	Thankful for last minute doc appointments... Baby girl has a temp of 105.+  sitting at the doc's waitin'
ID	2	It's STILL not working!! Why not!! This is FRUSTRATING!!!
ID	4	usually when im gone celebs come on its so unfair
ID	4	Well, I effed the iphone.  It was nice knowing you
ID	4	I can't I'm on my iPhone
ID	2	wow, almost got involved in this big fight at school!  ah, but anyways text me? going to causin's house, plus game crazy.
ID	2	I am tired tired tired, I think Im getting sick.
ID	4	The weather is so ugly n L.A... It's really cold
ID	4	catching the last bit of Later with jools .. last in series .. sob, cry
ID	3	@dotboom  i am defiantly watching it. I was at work  when you were streaming and had to leave.
ID	4	Just FYI, RUIN HOLLYWOOD IS CLOSED.  Last Friday was our Closing Night.
ID	0	So my parents are too busy making me feel like crap to realise that I've got worse and need to see a doctor again. No sleep sucks
ID	1	So my parents are too busy making me feel like crap to realise that I've got worse and need to see a doctor again. No sleep sucks
ID	2	Been sick all week and still not feeling so well, can't go to Lena's cook-out  Gunna spend some time with the fam!
ID	2	sorry I've been away for so long exams comin up  plz pray for me ya'll
ID	4	just sad that i wont be able to post my new fic this morning...
ID	2	@riskybizness23 sooo, u just gon cheat on me and tell everybody on twitter? I don't know if I can trust you anymore.     j/k
ID	0	I'm being so whiny right now I'm annoying myself  i need to get some rest tonight after Movie Night kid-sitting
ID	1	I'm being so whiny right now I'm annoying myself  i need to get some rest tonight after Movie Night kid-sitting
ID	2	@mitchelmusso Mitchel you have no idea how much I want to call you!! but it costs loads to call from england!!!
ID	2	Please read my blog http://amandallynn.blogspot.com/ I'm not having the best day
ID	2	My poor lil piggy  Chuck saws it looks like a cartoon character's toe.
ID	2	@Saraa_xD Si  pero parece que las personas de facebook no estan de acuerdo  (that was probably all wrong, but I tried...)
ID	2	eating chicken noodle soup...... its one of those days
ID	2	@KComer yeah &amp; when it goes wrong it's the worst feeling ever
ID	4	headache boo
ID	2	Is sad clint hurdle got released. I liked him
ID	4	wishing, i was at the michou show right now.. god. life isnt fair
ID	3	@nattymsmith they have nice cakes  why can't I like them? Haha and you should! That's sooo gayy though
ID	3	@naomijlea good job I have the track in my head, cos sadly can't access it, boo
ID	2	My head hurts beyond much.
ID	2	@ kbal24 I am sorry that you are feeling that way.
ID	0	i'm going to sleepies, feel poorlies and pissed off  night night tweeples xxx
ID	1	i'm going to sleepies, feel poorlies and pissed off  night night tweeples xxx
ID	4	@onlyJesus777 i was in a hospital for a week and a half pretty much on the virge of dying.
ID	2	@ThisStarChild Did I miss the fun?
ID	2	Why do I look so awesome in heels yet am so afraid of them?
ID	3	@mitchelmusso  i would so call you if i knew what to say &amp; if it wasn't long distance    but i do love you!
ID	2	@batendersblog she had another song out recently but it didn't get that much play
ID	4	@kbal24 I am sorry that you are feeling that way.
ID	2	My debit card is going the same way as my credit card, it's snapping
ID	4	I just broke a bottle, I should probably focus on work instead of thinking of more songgoeswrongs
ID	3	@Jasiurl YAEH! THANK GOD IM HOME!...it suekd and we were kicked out of a church.
ID	2	@XxHollyJoannexX im home alone in the house and imma scared  x
ID	2	@jgoode impressive fever!  best wishes to her, hope it's nothing serious
ID	2	okay, need to hit the sack.  i gotta wake up in like 5 hours   goodnight everyone!
ID	2	Just broke my favorite necklace  superglue?
ID	2	I'm quite afraid to string now since I don't have any .024 wire use
ID	3	K, just finished my last 2 clients for the night. Going home alone  Thats ok I need to be alone, must find inner peace.
ID	2	@mitchelmusso I aint got no money to buy any cred to call u  and am in lONDON
ID	2	@thethermals sorry guys, the WAVVES show was canceled, they missed their flight
ID	2	@iesb I'm so sorry to hear that you're in the hospital.  Hope you'll be better soon.
ID	4	@morrgaan oh no  this week is just a bad one for everyone. i love you &amp; your pretty face &amp; youre going to do fantastic in concert tonight
ID	2	@neon_lights aw what's wrong?
ID	2	now i dont feel so good
ID	2	/me really sad that /me can't go to Java One
ID	2	@AndreaKoeln hmm, okayy, im really sorry to hear about it  why do you thikn she would have done that? :S
ID	0	#whyareyoustillhere One Tree Hill!!! [[ They cancelled my shows The Game &amp; Everybody Hates Chris n dont NOBODY WATCH U N-E-MORE!!!  ]]
ID	1	#whyareyoustillhere One Tree Hill!!! [[ They cancelled my shows The Game &amp; Everybody Hates Chris n dont NOBODY WATCH U N-E-MORE!!!  ]]
ID	2	@Audioprincess  Nice. I just have water haha. Lucky you! I still have most of my exams to go  Yeah I'm okay just worried about exams :/
ID	4	Waaaaaaaa they kicked us out of the bank. Getting it until monday  OMG Chilito
ID	2	@turnitgrey I left mine in music...i think i don't have a camera anymore
ID	4	@narrated it's kool...it's his job i blame
ID	3	RIP Attack Attack!  MTV headbangersball? really? and now you are inside the &quot;goth&quot; genre, wow, I'll still be seein you at @warped09 :/
ID	4	Uh. Finally home, but completely wiped.
ID	2	too bad i'm @ work  ...
ID	3	@LeeGazeprophets white pointy shoes haha, and ah you got me excited about the enw drummer  youre mean!
ID	2	@MrsDDoubleU no I want too, but a couple of people said it wasnt good
ID	4	I want to cry at the thought of the NBA season being almost over  NEXT YEAR MIAMI!!!!!!!!!!!!
ID	4	@mitchelmusso you didnt answer
ID	3	@mysolis Aw, sorry ur day sucked!  Did u see my post abt car issues? LOL I think it's safe to say it can only get better tho. Beer-thirty?
ID	3	I seriously want a pug  Buy me one?
ID	2	hey Tweeties, my auntie jus got n a bad car accident...pls keep her yall prayers  ...thanx
ID	3	@vicki_xx :O really  well if u want, we can go 2gether next yr?
ID	2	poor bella is in the ER with her first and second ear infection since both ears are infected. Her screams were blood curdling!
ID	2	Not ready for this year to end
ID	2	Oh no she stopped!
ID	3	white pointy shoes haha, and ah you got me excited about the new drummer  youre mean
ID	4	Hubby went to pick up  my Fringe comics today @ store by his work. THAT store was out of business too. No comix in Houston. Have 2 Web.
ID	2	Headache is coming on
ID	3	@thechrisjulian awww
ID	3	DotA is an addiction...i waste 6-7 hours playing dota
ID	4	aaawww im soooOOooo tired today.. i dont feel good.. i dont wanna go to work wah..  but yeah im goin to work in a few mins. til closing..
ID	4	I miss her alot and its only been one day
ID	2	@mrsmicah I'm glad your inside too. Take good care of yourself. An event in Rising Sun?  Too bad you're filling ill or we might see you
ID	3	@KhloeKardashian too bad we can catch it here in brazil  but good luck with your show! you're amazing!
ID	3	Meeting up with Karen and the boys for some drinks at The Dock!!!  All I wanna do is drink though..    fuck it like Andrea said! Haha
ID	2	flipping out on my hairloss....gotta go to the doc.
ID	0	OMG, Tony Hawk's motion on the nintendo DS sucks ass!
ID	1	OMG, Tony Hawk's motion on the nintendo DS sucks ass!
ID	2	These messages are teasing me! It isnt fair.
ID	2	Scared  waiting for the call
ID	4	so I'm kinda pissed that Boys Like Girls is gonna be at Kentucky Kingdom on a date i already have a show
ID	0	@zanylikethat Awwwww.
ID	1	@zanylikethat Awwwww.
ID	0	My new site is stuck in the Google sandpit now  Test of my skills until it comes back out!
ID	1	My new site is stuck in the Google sandpit now  Test of my skills until it comes back out!
ID	3	liz just left  aww it was so good to see her.
ID	0	ahhhhh fuck it..... none of my friends want to see it... and they don't wanna chill tonight... so its just me myself and i
ID	1	ahhhhh fuck it..... none of my friends want to see it... and they don't wanna chill tonight... so its just me myself and i
ID	2	It's starting to look like the @ScifiLeague website may not happen in any form
ID	3	@janetfraser so true   sad to say.  I'm glad you'll be with me to be my support group ;)
ID	4	workin.. still lol i wanted to go to the spring game
ID	2	@Victoriouz tres rude VICTOR!  :\
ID	2	@arronthomas whats wrong babe?  x
ID	3	@sonyasunshine  i love you!
ID	2	i think the food i ate made me sick.. i no feel so good
ID	2	Ahhhhhh I got stitches  I seriously cant wait to go to the beach! SUMMER HURRY UP!!!!!!
ID	2	I dont like seeing my best friend cry, it breaks my heart and I dont know what to do or say
ID	2	Hadnt cried in such a long time
ID	4	im really sleepy and i want to go to bed...but its upstairs and its a mess and i know im gonna have to clean it  nooooo
ID	2	there are some really scary noises coming from outside
ID	2	I can't take it anymore
ID	2	ok, i am finally starting to hit a draw, but now my short game has gone to crap!
ID	2	wish I was feeling better...I've been holding a potential cold at bay for a few days now &amp; I think it is winning...aches, cough
ID	4	@Galaraza stop being mean to me!! ur hurting my feelings
ID	4	Rain delay
ID	3	@joe_g1986 a price drop would be nice  I want another one for a backup/blu-ray player.
ID	4	@flutters_bye no you didn't send pics. I was supposed to go with but shit got all fucked up.
ID	4	My Spanish = crap
ID	0	@NikkiCSWS OWW! that girl needs her meds. I feel her, though. Adam got cheated
ID	1	@NikkiCSWS OWW! that girl needs her meds. I feel her, though. Adam got cheated
ID	2	totally having austin powers withdrawl symptons and Darrius withdrawl symptoms and mommy and minne withdrawl syamptoms.
ID	4	@buzzup why would you want a clone? Unboxed a new 24&quot; iMac last night and it's beautiful! Too bad it's not mine
ID	4	Im heading home. gotta work sunday.
ID	3	@tatianafrosario omg wow  I hope everything is ok now
ID	2	Anyone want to buy me this anthropomorphic planter? http://tinyurl.com/m6sru3 Only available till the 31st
ID	3	@xoxo_emily  i wish i was there to hear that!
ID	2	So exhausted
ID	2	@eeeethannnn I do NOT. I RARELY dye it at all.  the red was the first in aaaagggessss. My hair just hates me.
ID	3	Rehearsal is done  we had SO MUCH FUUN. hide&amp;seek tag and we learned BOMB DANCES , going home and doing hw maybe!
ID	2	@jenscloset WOOHOO!!!!! nothing says a hot date night than a squeegee! LOL i'm watching Dora on noggin with my 2yr girl, hubs is at work
ID	2	Has a bad feeling that this time next yr, her fav musical may no longer be on the West End
ID	2	@dunnybrasco Im home, phone died thou
ID	2	it's the weekend but 9 year old is grounded which makes me grounded too
ID	2	@JustYassy it wont work for me
ID	0	I got dropped froma coupla ppl that were following me  Damn Detroit Fans!!!
ID	1	I got dropped froma coupla ppl that were following me  Damn Detroit Fans!!!
ID	2	@mitchelmusso I cant call you from Europe
ID	2	@LLCOOLDAVE Trying to fix my background
ID	2	@pbreaze I heard from @ricklondon &amp; @thehilliers you're away. I miss you too  Look forward to tweeting with you when you return.
ID	4	had 2 leave the mrs @sweetbullshit cuz i have to go 2 work  really didn't want to.
ID	2	aw man! have to go, only got to listen to the block party for like 10 mins
ID	2	@sam_h786 as ur coming on to here im just off to bed  hows ur day been? x
ID	0	I'm so sick, it's ridiculous.
ID	1	I'm so sick, it's ridiculous.
ID	4	@billohbill SS &amp; i r @ the devon horse show. gettin' mostly rained out. lots of events have ben cancelled incl the coaches
ID	0	Listening to shit music.
ID	1	Listening to shit music.
ID	3	just spent way too much money. . . On organic shampoo
ID	4	@RetroRewind a buff guy.....unfortunatly alot of people dont know Danny's name either which is sad   Sophie is so sweet
ID	4	Im mad cuz i cant get any picture to work.
ID	4	@iHolleeee i miss you too; i need to talk to you, i keep screwing up ..  lovee u !
ID	2	@souljaboytellem hell yea its hot here  i miss cali
ID	2	I miss the seniors already
ID	2	@fallenfrommars yeah! but too late hun  lol
ID	4	in desperate need of some tweets to cheer me up
ID	2	@oxEmalieexo: Lol it went okay! As far as I can tell . But then I had to do a test today for geo and I was all zoned out and got like 65%
ID	3	@DomCorleone  oh hell yeah lol. im a vegetarian tho but i still cooks the mean =X im a traitor
ID	4	@kvbuckley I don't know enough about #Sotomayor, but she made a big boo-boo talking about making law.  Doesn't know what 3 branches do?
ID	4	We lost a peacock chick this morning
ID	4	No free ice cream though
ID	3	Watching NHL playoff Game1 tomorrow night if anyone is interested, and I know that none of you are.
ID	2	@fiddlecub Guessing that's a question to everyone. I'm struggling to finish my last university assignment before I can start my summer
ID	2	NEED A JOB ASAP...JUST GOT LAID OFF AND IT SUCKS
ID	2	TWITTER WILL NOT UPLOAD MY ICON PICTURE  it hates me. Eff this, i'll upload it later
ID	3	people with mustaches get super powers and mustaches. no fair.
ID	2	Sunburn is really bad now. Regretting sitting in the sun without suncream now
ID	2	Need some coffee... Getting serious withdrawal symptoms
ID	2	At The Only with @camfinlayson and @momotoronto, but not with @MoxieGarrett.
ID	4	aw how to lose a guy in ten days  &lt;3
ID	4	@Flash_Forward Poor dead Josh.  http://bit.ly/JKpHn Please leave your messages of condolences there. #boy #rip ||| That's sad.
ID	2	i like how, no matter how much fun i'm having, i need a hug, a bowl of ramen, and a comfy blanket as soon as i get home.
ID	2	By @nikhilbhaskaran Drove a #-mazda #RX8 today and boy, that car is fun! Sadly though, I don't find my car that much fun any more
ID	2	@LaurenConrad mmmm lauren conrad eeeeep im going to miss the hills
ID	2	@jesamine Here's a more appropriate @ tweet... is everything ok  Your last 3 days of tweets don't paint a good picture :-C
ID	4	Today is just not my day. I can't seem to feel any better. If i dont eat, im hungry. If i do eat, i feel like im gonna be sick. Blah
ID	2	Whoa. UP is sad.
ID	3	Sick. With a flu like thing.
ID	4	Sad that when fitness center reopens will not have our Zumba class anymore.  Just found out today on our last class before closure.
ID	4	Truck full of silver bars imploded on itself.  Delayed us an hour and we didn't  even get a bar for our troubles.  No photo
ID	2	@b0nk T ere is a visio document but its continuously changing until now.
ID	3	such a good day!! even though my so called friends did try to row away from me  but god i love em :p
ID	4	dont get to see my boys tomorroww.im sad
ID	2	ughhh my leg is still cramping from my panic attack outside ULU this morning   bloody hurts!!
ID	4	Had some pliers blow up in my face today. My mistake, killed the wrong breaker. Wires connected on the pliers, boom. Big chunk gone.
ID	2	In cafe management, the end of the month is nothing but numbers. My arty little head hurts from finding discrepencies
ID	3	Ohhhhh what a line
ID	3	@jenniferdodd I'm out of town next week   We'll have to party when I get back. Happy early Birthday!
ID	0	Dammit, more money to spend on iPhone apps... haven't finished Wolfenstein yet  http://bit.ly/Othhv
ID	1	Dammit, more money to spend on iPhone apps... haven't finished Wolfenstein yet  http://bit.ly/Othhv
ID	2	they aren't selling jamba juice at my school today  they're going to sell it next week. on monday.
ID	4	Everytime still holds horrible, horrible memories for me though.
ID	4	@SCHATJE TY. Just a long tiring day filled with expensive plumbers and work  needed CALGON. Hope you &amp; @madberry have an AWESOME weekend!
ID	2	getting ready... omgosh, so nervous
ID	3	@Tatylicious Hey chick!  When are we going to JA to pick up some hot guys and eat Jerk pork and festival? Well you already have a hot guy
ID	4	@Bellabellini - Yeah I know they are fuck annoying with that... But it,s such good promo... I lost some contacts for business in there
ID	2	Wishing Adam wasn't at work
ID	2	Still at work whaaaaaaaahhhh
ID	2	@Mitchelmusso: Am getting upset listening to the say now  I want to speak to you Mitchel but my darn phone got no money on x
ID	4	@KeLauLi I'm so sad right now.
ID	4	Looking at my daughters baby pictures makes my heart hurt
ID	3	@chully LOL too bad he's taken!!!!!!!
ID	2	It is 00:03 I'm Wrecked  I'M Hungry &amp; I have to get up early. Not the perfect Fri night LOL night
ID	4	The icecream truck never comes to my house
ID	2	I miss my closest freind,Shirley, She went to France for the summer  I miss you Shirley!!!!
ID	4	@Jtay1995 It's finally summer! Unforunately I can't come see you...it'll be a while before I see all of y'all again.  Tell emm I said hi!
ID	2	It's so hot tonight  ugh gross.
ID	0	errr....I don't want to go sit in the heat and watch a high school graduation.
ID	1	errr....I don't want to go sit in the heat and watch a high school graduation.
ID	2	I wish I could spend my last weekend as a high school student in burbank with everyone and not fly off to dc
ID	4	Just got home from the hospital.... i have another clot in my leg
ID	2	@hogaan can you stop working so i can have someone to play with !
ID	3	I am so glad it's Friday. I just got off work and I'm so tired.
ID	2	the fact my room is so hot is making me feel sick
ID	4	@megaman51 Yeah, it's work. It's been busy all day and I'm tired and hungry.
ID	2	Wish I brought some warmer clothes. It's chilly here.  only negative thing about the trip (&amp; the no sun which is connected to chilliness)
ID	4	@nathanblevins  Maybe next time. Can't be away this weekend as much as I'd like to jump in the car and go. ::pout::
ID	4	@dougiemcfly Have a great show Doug, have fun. Im sorry that I wont be there to watch you
ID	2	@azandiaMJBB Oh no! Dreadful thought! Won't you get to spend any time blipping at all next week then?
ID	0	@johnmaine ahh i wish you guys would come to a hot topic near me.
ID	1	@johnmaine ahh i wish you guys would come to a hot topic near me.
ID	0	Pissed at you @KatieHanrahan  http://myloc.me/21CU
ID	1	Pissed at you @KatieHanrahan  http://myloc.me/21CU
ID	4	Listening to: Sweet Talk 101 - Cute Is What We Aim For /// Considering taking up the GameBoy Color again. I miss chiptune.
ID	2	What happened to my early night? Am about to turn into a pumpkin
ID	4	JoBo's tired of getting off work at 7
ID	4	bed rest for all weekend and next week  neomonia suck
ID	4	I'm sad Twits!  I'm going to miss @epiphanygirl musiq soulchild and anthony hamilton! Ugggghhhh I LOVE them!
ID	4	sigh.. stayed up late cause was on a role w/ assessment, now I'm so tired my eyes r stinging &amp; my head hurts.. &amp; I still need 500 words
ID	3	@DizzyMalfoy ouchie  Did u take some Excedrine? Thats the ONLY thing that kills my headaches FAST!
ID	4	Soooo bummed I'm missing the blockparty again! Haven't been able to get the app to listen on my iPhone!!
ID	4	@SpringWestEnd i cant believe you are closing 2moro and ive never had a chance to see the show  Good luck to everyone - you are all stars!
ID	4	First sports banquet without katie
ID	4	Well I guess I'm not heading out to LA this weekend, Doubt I'll get to go to the PS Blog Meet and Greet
ID	3	@sheelovewood aaaau thanks gi  , I really really love u.Thanks for being a really great friend.And forgiveme if i leave you sometime, ?
ID	4	sitting at home being bored.......
ID	2	Now have an unpleasant talk w/n-laws 2 look 4ward 2....
ID	2	@Mcpattz ouch, thats your achy back...so sorry ... i didnt mean to cause you pain
ID	4	Apparently I'm not meant to take dance lessons here
ID	4	I'm headed home.. Sea world closed early
ID	0	Note 2 all twoloers: neva stay @ a candlelight suites shower is slow and the toilet sux and the bed is tiny!
ID	1	Note 2 all twoloers: neva stay @ a candlelight suites shower is slow and the toilet sux and the bed is tiny!
ID	4	@jcubed1 Dang! Of course, I'm just jealous 'cuz I didn't think of it first
ID	3	@ greengoo: Haha, I don't have any  I have decided to see if making a grilled cheese on a George Foreman would work well...
ID	2	Just saw &quot;Drag me to Hell&quot;. Sam Ramei is excellant as usual but the kitty scene was kinda hard for me
ID	4	@dannygokey im so upset u were at US weekly my uncle works there but he apparently didnt know how big of a fan i am!
ID	4	@peapodann the second i hit reply to that tweet i was asked to stop playing music.  i am now sad. someone sing to me. on or off key works!
ID	0	Struggling...selfishness and jealousy doesn't get you any further in life... ohh myyy
ID	1	Struggling...selfishness and jealousy doesn't get you any further in life... ohh myyy
ID	4	My net died so yeah....  I'm sad now
ID	3	Hubby needs a vacation  Thank God we're leaving for Myrtle Beach in a week!
ID	4	@Axelsrose  im trying to fix myself really but i need to stop cutting myself
ID	0	@thatgirlonline Dude you're always going to midnight screenings! xD. I wish I lived in a city. Well, I do (until tmrw!) but it's rubbish
ID	1	@thatgirlonline Dude you're always going to midnight screenings! xD. I wish I lived in a city. Well, I do (until tmrw!) but it's rubbish
ID	2	@tommcfly Tom, get ready, here in Porto Alegre is really cold
ID	2	this cheese is fuckin up my stomach
ID	2	En el salon.. Que caliente el blower ouch
ID	2	@RealJudgeJules Gutted your not playing Kos in July Jules
ID	3	@GravyFloid Amadeus is the best Mozart movie. I got kicked out of high school chorus, missed a trip to Hawaii.
ID	0	@MsPrincessLala @AshleyNicole305  someone is ignoring me  &amp; being mean..
ID	1	@MsPrincessLala @AshleyNicole305  someone is ignoring me  &amp; being mean..
ID	3	@amandalaur that would be awesome i think, i hate how expensive phones are
ID	4	@ebonyeeee - No I didnt get your text.....
ID	2	I need someone to watch my yorkie.
ID	2	@mileycyrus i bet you miss trace loads
ID	3	@allenrob23 ..people you love.... wait i am not there
ID	3	@RaeBoz I do! But I have to go to a dang wedding in madison
ID	0	@kimi_joyner And he can't even tell me.  Me and him are fucking done, professionally. Fuckin' ass.
ID	1	@kimi_joyner And he can't even tell me.  Me and him are fucking done, professionally. Fuckin' ass.
ID	2	@ProfLovee why you not go on the twitters no more?   oh bais!
ID	3	@fifleaona I work in a room in the middle of the office, thus no windows. We call it the programmer cave, I  can only imagine the sky.
ID	4	@Rosellyanna she forgot her words and then started crying  and she stopped singing but then carried on and then cried again so she stopped
ID	2	my tummy hurts!
ID	0	went to galveston, want to go back
ID	1	went to galveston, want to go back
ID	2	@mkuioka808 You still have class? Ouch
ID	2	@candyisrad  what's wrong with debbie?
ID	4	@coupleocachers Trying to watch your vids, but the audio has been disabled
ID	4	is disappointed to learn Newark, OH cancelled their july 4 fireworks due to the economy
ID	4	hey guys y did the sun make my day gloomy?
ID	4	@jaidenkhat Damnit. Sorry to hear dude
ID	4	Is definitely working sunday afternoon to late evening
ID	2	@_Chelsea_Marie wow u might have bad days lately ...  Sorry... Where are you workin ?
ID	0	It's called communifuckingcation.....learn it, know it, do it. These stupid ass people!
ID	1	It's called communifuckingcation.....learn it, know it, do it. These stupid ass people!
ID	4	really want to see UP, but no one wants to go with me
ID	4	We're going to panahra for dinner.  miss you guys.
ID	4	@mitchelmusso http://twitpic.com/67swx - i tried but i didnt get through
ID	4	I realllly miss my parents backyard and hammock. reallly bad.
ID	2	I think I tricked out my ankle during cardio yesterday.  I'm getting old.
ID	2	I don't know what to do about tomorrow
ID	4	@SASSS09 hahaha.. sadly this one's supposed to be done individually.. so no chance of social loafing lol
ID	2	@Rorzshach Are you okay?
ID	2	driving home,Im so tired,had a bad day
ID	4	I do feel bad for the nice people there though, just not whover it was that said we were out of line
ID	0	Hmm maybe I this time I really did over react and do the worst
ID	1	Hmm maybe I this time I really did over react and do the worst
ID	2	i was an extra. got ready for work for nothing. studying all night
ID	4	@drewryanscott LIKE U SAID &quot;GIVE TC A CHANCE!&quot; WE WILL MISS THOMAS  BUT HAVE TO MOVE ON. SO WATCH THIS! http://bit.ly/r6RfC
ID	2	I'am back to Tweetie 1.1.1.
ID	4	@CurvaceousDee aw, gutted
ID	4	Take me away
ID	2	It hurts to breathe again.. Why?
ID	2	26 pin multi core cable goes bad just B4 service
ID	4	i love me some americana- but no movies to see
ID	2	I have a belly ache...
ID	2	I miss ya, Boyfriend!  When am I gonna see ya again? Br!Tt@Ny!!!
ID	2	@Jovani_Celeste  how long is the delay?
ID	3	@jaykpurdy LIKE DREW SAID &quot;GIVE TC A CHANCE&quot; WE WILL MISS THOMAS  BUT HAVE TO MOVE ON. SO WATCH THIS! http://bit.ly/r6RfC
ID	2	i soooo want to get a Nikon D 90  damn y do they cost soooo much!
ID	4	@Dap23 ohh, i'm watching my best friend's wedding. it's so sad..
ID	3	trying to upload one thousand photos!!
ID	4	@jennabeaniscool won't need my hugs anymore
ID	2	imm tired of callin @mitchelmusso &amp;&amp; hearin other convos  i wanaa call himm!!
ID	4	@mitchelmusso I REALLY WANT TO TALK WITH YOU MITCH! but I live in Indonesia, I cant call you  at least, give me a shoutout please??
ID	4	i miss my baby  hateeeeee it
ID	4	Why did everyone seem to leave me this weekend  ....sigh. In bed
ID	4	@DaysofBigWheels I wish I could see that first hand
ID	4	I am SO MAD that Glee won't premiere till Fall
ID	3	Missing my morning work out cause my bench press is back in Jakarta  goodluck diga! Test will be easy peasy! Hehehe
ID	2	Everyone on the eastcoast... the rain hates us  let's just all fly to Cali. LOL
ID	2	@WerewolfEmbry No, trying to reason with it. It didn't listen
ID	4	@charlieks @tonita_face @emmaleeks and nana.wish i was there last night
ID	4	@jeannethinks I would love to see the sun again.  It has been raining here for 3 days now.
ID	4	@paaaulaaac me too  even my life is pretty good but i always say its shitty
ID	2	Squashed Foot  xx
ID	2	@WonderlandDream I can't, I have an exam on wednesday
ID	3	Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh friday..and I work tomorrow
ID	0	@Miss_Molotov Go much bamboo? Would you like to attempt to structure a sentence that makes sense? Why did i fail english and others pass?
ID	1	@Miss_Molotov Go much bamboo? Would you like to attempt to structure a sentence that makes sense? Why did i fail english and others pass?
ID	2	@BigEish How?? and who is Mommy??? I want to call but the phone is still broke
ID	2	@erin_elaine Our chandelier is here! I seriously don't know how 2 get it through our door without sending it crashing down our steps
ID	4	@xzenax Bad times for everyone  Whywhywhy do we have to write essays  No fair!
ID	2	Back from comedy night. Great fun. It's only midnight. I'm knackered. I'm getting old
ID	2	why does it randomly hangup on me?
ID	2	I am unhappy
ID	2	@GentlemanRiot yeah, I thought they weren't food grade, but apparently they were. Kind of a big waste.
ID	3	@cnolovechild YAY!!! I think I found it and a few more
ID	2	Also, why are paracetamol so hard to swallow? Even when the long ones are snapped in half. Ow.
ID	4	my attempt to sync facebook and twitter seems to have failed
ID	2	@TeamCyrus AHHH! still not following!! Do you think she forgot??
ID	4	It's patio weather in Kirkland!  It's also launch-yer-boat weather, except I'm missing the boat part
ID	3	@mitchelmusso WISH YOU COULD CALLL ME  DO U HAVE A UK MY SAY NOW NUMBER? UR ACCCE! X
ID	2	I want a lie in tomorrow! Won't be getting one though
ID	4	Dann and I are in Vegas. We misconnected and our next flight is at 4:45 to Midway. Tonight I will be in a hotel w/o undies
ID	4	today was the last day of high school for me and i ended up going home sick! ... stupid dead rats
ID	0	@bongy_k Your teacher sounds uber disrespectful.
ID	1	@bongy_k Your teacher sounds uber disrespectful.
ID	2	@tinylegacies D: But it is making people unhappy and I dun like unhappiness
ID	3	@tpyle I know.     #hhrs
ID	2	@tccrt3r !! WE WILL MISS THOMAS  BUT HAVE TO MOVE ON. SO WATCH THIS! http://bit.ly/r6RfC
ID	4	going to the memorial for the guy in my grade that died.
ID	3	I need to look at apartments tomorrow
ID	4	@mitchelmusso http://twitpic.com/67swx - i wish i was calling you but i can't from Malta
ID	2	@darvin111 you don't even care about there, their, and they're.
ID	2	Doesnt feel good!  but I cant miss work tomorrow!
ID	2	dang that burrito and toaster strudle(sp?) was just a tease im still hungry
ID	3	@JRKNaughtyAngel You lucky girl! I also wanna see them (again LOL) I wish they'd come to europe again, but I doubt that
ID	0	i bit my lip...hate it when i do that.
ID	1	i bit my lip...hate it when i do that.
ID	4	@KeeganFrank: I just don't want to be here.
ID	3	I have an awesome picture of happy pint, but it's not sending
ID	2	@HolidayParade so close to tennessee
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/67tcr - Ouch!! Burnt my arm on the grill
ID	2	@buddahwong i wish you were in my class last year
ID	4	on my way to shreveport to forget all the bad things he's brought into my life
ID	3	feeling better. drugs are awesome! sad waste of a 3 day weekend!
ID	0	I have had the William Shatner version of Rocket Man in my head for 3 days now. It's fucking distracting
ID	1	I have had the William Shatner version of Rocket Man in my head for 3 days now. It's fucking distracting
ID	0	I hate being yelled and sworn at
ID	1	I hate being yelled and sworn at
ID	4	Crossing the bridge....leaving ocean city  I'm sad.
ID	2	is poolside. Bowling toniht maybe?? Back to work tomorrow
ID	3	@mnrmg I am doing the same  I want to travel a little!
ID	2	Ouch...waited to long to get eyebrows waxed
ID	4	@annamessias i miss yoooooooooooooooooooou my poia
ID	4	very much disappointed with the angels and demons movie  shame, it was a great book
ID	3	I wish Saturday Night Fever was on again! I couldn't stay up lastnite for the whole thing
ID	3	95 degrees and a crappy a/c
ID	2	I drive &gt;90mph on a daily basis. u cld film Fast &amp; Furious off of me. But anything  &lt;1 mph is not my forte'. I bump Anything!.
ID	2	going 2 bed.  its gonna be a looong day tomorrow with the sun shining and i'll be inside working like a (hot)dog! (who makes sandwiches)
ID	3	Well good job to my two cousins that are graduates! Good luck in life!!!  &lt;never wear your pajama pants to school  &gt;
ID	3	@starrjonze that's the prob, i work from home, and the bed's calling, no, screaming out my name! had really strong coffee instead
ID	2	@greenphoenix09 thanks!!! But ummmm can't find that option  http://myloc.me/21F2
ID	4	@Rorzshach Oh no  -hugs-
ID	4	@JennaSnacks it's best if i check it while it IS up. when it's down, i can't really see anything
ID	4	RIP Big cup... I will miss you
ID	2	Eugh, just seen a huge spider running about &amp; had to kill it with my shoe... I HATE spiders... &amp; crawlies that come out in humid weather
ID	4	can't set p my phone to twitter
ID	0	@Spidersamm ohh yeahh (: i'm probs gonna be a loner to start with, thanks to the person i was gonna go with be a bitch
ID	1	@Spidersamm ohh yeahh (: i'm probs gonna be a loner to start with, thanks to the person i was gonna go with be a bitch
ID	4	he's outta the ofc til Monday ::GRAND:: kinda bummed me out but b/c I was genuinely sick there's nuthin I can do about it  --&gt;
ID	2	Uhh badddd day. Tired and ready for it to be over
ID	4	thinking about life and my dreams. why does it seem so appealing to give up?  im so jealous of every band/artist who is living theirs out
ID	2	If my phone dies I will die too!
ID	4	Spendin time with ant before he's gone for the night
ID	2	... looks like it's gonna rain
ID	3	@annamessias i miss yoooooooou my poia
ID	4	@keithjoforever why are you so angry keith...  whats up...
ID	3	@jordanknight PS- Missed your tweets today!!!  Guess I'm addicted too.
ID	2	@JayFmOnline i hope so. i really need one! we'll see. unfortunately drama always finds me.
ID	3	@RamEsRock  rompes mis ilusiones con lo de thrasher haha
ID	4	Sickkkk  ....and I need 11/20--NOW.
ID	3	@momof3crazykids that's awesome. Can't believe they have the poster up Already! I haven't seen one over here yet
ID	2	can't set up my phone on twitter
ID	2	@KallieT this is sounding like the worst lurgy ever - the one that just won't go away ..  ...are you ready for end-of-rope action yet??
ID	3	@Karetron I KNOW!!!! Its all stormy outside.. and my hair looks cute today..  hahah
ID	2	Wat a nice day it was 2day!me and rachel decided to walk to work and walk back lol..was so warm inside tho
ID	2	@hopeless_hearts hey,got your text. cannae hen, family are comin over  i've got nae money to come to livi anyway  xxxx
ID	2	@miss_cass my throat hurts today.  blahhh.
ID	2	How to ruin Friday? Your dad tells you there's something wrong but you should be at home so he can call you. He usually *never* calls
ID	2	@mateomac l'm on 3 days too matt. No fun this weekend.
ID	3	Glad to be home I wish I could make @CBrown7785 feel better
ID	3	@Rorzshach  *hugs*
ID	3	Crisis averted!  Phew! On a different note, @AmeeC3 and @Zelenski....you guys are making me so proud! tear!  wish i could have joined
ID	4	@LilEmoBoi warm and wet  spent the day carpet cleaning the yacht
ID	2	Trying to figure out how this works  ... BOO
ID	4	They are out of ice cream at the Crazy Mocha in SS. This means no Espresso Milkshake..
ID	2	@scavengerlor hey thought ud be on here most likely, im stressed out  i really dont know why  x
ID	3	@Dannigyrl Fabulous. And I didn't get that pic  Gmail be acting the fool sometimes. Can u DM me it?
ID	4	@dezurita nooo it was a real mushroom! but our neighbor uprooted it
ID	3	@glennbeck we can't wait to see you too! pls come back to iowa it isn't the same at the theatre
ID	4	Tired.....but can't go to bed yet.....
ID	4	notthebest weekend....but oh well....I have a right to be sad
ID	3	maybe someday. i lova ya, friends!! my computer sucks  listening to coldplay&lt;3 tomorrow meet my bbff
ID	4	Puzzled by people's mood swings... it makes me somewhat sad that I can't pinpoint  how  they feel
ID	2	@CrossedOutName pandora is blocked at my work  bummed
ID	4	made a little cover for my iphone.  the birds aren't upside down on the back  http://twitpic.com/67tp9 &amp; http... http://bit.ly/FjeAm
ID	2	I'm so bunged up!! I Hate colds!!
ID	3	Romeo and Juliet were very much in love when they were wed. They honored their vows, and where are they now? they're dead.
ID	4	Watched Ten Pounds last night, brilliant movie,I couldnt stop weeping!!!
ID	4	@cecamy it's nto as good
ID	2	back from dr. appt. no real diagnosis (hmph), just prescribed antibiotics, and an inhaler to help w/ the extreme coughing.
ID	2	Oh hey, look, North Korea are going to kill us all; or at least some of us.
ID	3	either my inerne is fucked or my mind is but i'm pretty sure that it's the internet
ID	2	WIDE awake, scoffed 3/4's of a pizza and feel like a sumo  such a weak day! Run tomorrow
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/67twh - This has never happened before =/ orange blinky lights. I think I've broke my battery again
ID	4	everything is going wrong in my &quot; happy day&quot;
ID	0	Okay, so the only reason I'm not buying this app is because I hate EA and all that it stands for. SimCity rocks though.  http://is.gd/JpMM
ID	1	Okay, so the only reason I'm not buying this app is because I hate EA and all that it stands for. SimCity rocks though.  http://is.gd/JpMM
ID	4	going to bed  cant take thiss any longeerr maan. [U]
ID	3	@sugafactory omg me 2 !! Haha i was half an hour late 4 work whoops !! Hahaha i h8 workin sat mornins
ID	4	@rmetalbroad belay the swimsuit, hot tub won't be ready this weekend.  sadness
ID	3	@depravedDyer @YarnHarlot Sending you both TONS of thankful love for Sock Summit. I can't believe the utter crap that some people spew.
ID	4	Bah! Still at work. Lol my feet hurt and my nose won't stop running!
ID	4	@divarina21 i dont evn talk 2 him no more. it was a huge mistake. i shoulda listened 2 her. i kno she's disappointed in me.
ID	2	I feel useless I don't know what to do right now. I'm so bored
ID	4	has finished exams.... has (almost) moved out of halls and is leaving london tomorrow
ID	4	That's okay... I didn't want to watch shelby anyway!
ID	2	@bigkelleh i am sorry  that sucks. i got my overtime in my check already today....now i am really tempted to blow off tomorrow
ID	2	@marginatasnaily haha..i wont  well il try not..lol... night chick..xxxxx
ID	4	Twitter's being lame and won't post my twitpic of Gucci and I
ID	3	@rgoodchild yeah it made a great noise, and tripped the house circuit breaker. Good Times. $200 worth of parts too
ID	2	Hate being skint  Anybody want to give me another job? haha!
ID	4	@bigkelleh but i know i can't
ID	2	Poor Flores! Not happy about the latest news  #Nats
ID	3	@JPuno Good to see you back. Sorry that happened to you
ID	2	I just burnt my ear
ID	4	@BIGBOYRAMSACK kenny u alive!!!...I'm here getting da hair done..to bad I'm not chillin w/ u todat  kinda sad
ID	3	getting ready to see my cousins graduate.  gonna miss em.
ID	3	@RoboRoxy @lulzlix I'm SO jealous! I don't know when I'll be able to see Conan.
ID	4	@Lilayy same here. like i know there's people who have worse lives than me but i wish i could go back and change some aspects of my life
ID	2	@m_longman yes i am.  but she didn't follow me
ID	3	Getting a pedicure. I love these. My massage did not include a leg/arm/foot massage today.
ID	3	Jon made one of the greatest dinners ever: roast pork tenderloin on a bed of wild rice on a bed of mixed greens &amp; yummy sauce. No wine
ID	4	Trully a awful day! Shitty!
ID	3	Is it wrong that I love John Travolta
ID	3	Im glad that wasnt my real diver theory test! I failed  i got 70% 35/50 questions right but i did have 35mins left lol x
ID	4	Getting ready 2 leave 2 a girl scout metting..Don't feel like it but I have 2.....
ID	4	I am so hungry...if my arm were on the core diet I would eat it!  Guess I have to wait until dinner is ready
ID	2	@drunkenlovee it'd take jamy 6 months to figure out how it works. I wanted to go see a movie tonight! then i remembered the game was on
ID	2	i need monies.  school is expensive.
ID	0	fuuuuu, helllla sleepy, had no lunch, now I'm working 4 to 10... gota wait till 6 to eat.
ID	1	fuuuuu, helllla sleepy, had no lunch, now I'm working 4 to 10... gota wait till 6 to eat.
ID	4	i miss @baltigirl97!! she's gone for the WHOOLLLLEEEE weekend!!! boo hoo
ID	4	Sick of fighting so it looks like no more burlesque for me
ID	2	@jonheadley @jsanfridsson gutted i miss that! the one night i try 2 leave early  lol! friends visitin were tired haha!
ID	2	Major iPhone problems  Wont let me send texts BUT I can do everything else! Can anyone help
ID	4	@greenlabel aww that's awful. Makes me so sad
ID	3	@talk2donboy LOL well i'm qlad u enjoyed yur ramen noodles.. i had fried chicken  ..im tired now
ID	2	@MyInnerTricia it is gay...u have dissappointed me that past few days
ID	2	@heyheykarla I'm sorry about your car. I feel for you...
ID	2	@nicksantino NICK WTF I WAS GONNA GO BUT I HAVE NO RIDE. Boo
ID	2	Sugarland. So hot outside.  why so much hotter than the northwest?
ID	0	Stupid hand. Have A2 and flop nut low and top pair. But guy had also out low and out flush. Quartered.  at 5900.
ID	1	Stupid hand. Have A2 and flop nut low and top pair. But guy had also out low and out flush. Quartered.  at 5900.
ID	4	Is feeling a bit lonely
ID	2	sad ending to the softball season.
ID	2	@lizwebpage Hmmm...chinese delivery it is. Altho, how will I order? I CAN'T TALK!
ID	0	I am slowly getting angry at this Jon and Kate Plus 8 thing
ID	1	I am slowly getting angry at this Jon and Kate Plus 8 thing
ID	3	I love to jazzercise with Mrs. Underwood. I wish she was my chaperone.
ID	4	@infobunny Ouch. Realising how sheltered my upbringing was.
ID	3	hey im back on.. but msn won't work  darn msn haha. can't stop thinking about 3d movie haha!
ID	3	Oh.  The voting is over!   But don't worry, I already voted for you about 100000000000000000000000000000000000 times earlier!!!!!!  &lt;3
ID	2	@TFA2431 aweee im sorry  but deep down u know i love ya!
ID	4	@Eric_John Sounds like a terrific service. I'm sorry to hear about her mom.
ID	2	Some guy just said he wanted to spank me
ID	4	Honestly at home alone
ID	0	@Daft_Punk_Robot  wtf.....winter isn't due til monday, am freezing
ID	1	@Daft_Punk_Robot  wtf.....winter isn't due til monday, am freezing
ID	4	@TheEllenShow Ellen..why you got to lie?   I'm so sad rite now.
ID	4	Stars and Sons was hard to review. Didn't grab me instantly this morning so will have to delay the review to a 2nd listening tomorrow
ID	4	@TaLisaDuhhh i miss bein 18
ID	4	@MrMarcusX was jst out there wednesday
ID	2	@LysdelTellez I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
ID	4	Off to the gym by myself!  no fun!
ID	2	how bad has life gotten where u  werecounting on the church50\50 raffle? the answer is real bad
ID	2	@meekorouse Very cute - I don't think I can make it to MakerFaire, sadly
ID	2	@hopei91 I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
ID	3	@TheKellanLutz OMG i want to go too!  hahaha
ID	3	sitting at home cuz my plans for tonight cancled  but they are on for tomo so that makes me happy  ctc or txt me!
ID	3	@AnnaDiFilippo have fun without me pasty  &lt;33
ID	3	@ReminisceSmith im only on 1800  lol
ID	2	Wishing it was naptime
ID	0	@Vahevalarain awe.. that sucks and I can't... we're trying raffis' birthday 2.0  &lt;3
ID	1	@Vahevalarain awe.. that sucks and I can't... we're trying raffis' birthday 2.0  &lt;3
ID	2	mad the rain got me...now i cant go see jaiden   *|)|/-\|\|/-\*
ID	2	Miss the newest version on Glade on Debian..
ID	2	Boredom isnt any fun..Wish I had somebody to hang out with tonite..
ID	4	seagull hates me and im utterly depressed about it. i miss him.
ID	2	@cageyjames Nope, won't be  .. Although I am not sure I want to go!
ID	2	It's gloomy as hell outside today.
ID	4	Idk i cant do shit
ID	4	@LadyLogan I wish I could...but I'm @ work when she's on...
ID	2	@trent_reznor...are you really not touring anymore????  my brother told me. I'll miss ur concerts!!
ID	4	Got the CofO to late didn't close today   Will close Monday....back out to meet a buyer tonight to show a few homes to
ID	4	So bored.... couldn't go to a-kon...
ID	4	chris sab and i = COMME ESTAS BITCHES
ID	2	@tbirdj Oh man, that sucks  I'm sorry, doll.
ID	4	Hummmmm..... ohh  i miss you so much!!! really, but i hope you have a nice friends, like us :]
ID	2	@shanselman: first impression is that it's considerably  slower to boot than 2008  #beta1
ID	2	how sad. last entrance 2cal academy of science was at 4pm. and it was zipcode free day too.
ID	2	this hole twitter thing is new too me, its not letting me change my picture so your stuvk with the wee stpid thing for now
ID	2	So much to do this summer, hopefully all comes in favor and nothing has to be cancelled  worked hard for it...
ID	2	sorry my bad.
ID	2	@markharr You'll be waiting a loooong time
ID	3	@Colie5cent $300 later... I feel so good! But guilty
ID	4	rode the moped to the mall. fun stuff, its flippin gorgeous out. I'm sad that @maeannette is sick
ID	4	no Santa cruz for me  but I do have an interview at jamba tomorrow morning (:
ID	3	@mellalicious I have to call stevie to reschedule!!  I won a competition yesterday to the launch of sims 3 at Luna park, same day at 6pm
ID	3	@newbouldm I love sausage too  #kitchenfire
ID	3	Look what I got for lunch today!! A cheese empanada and tequeos Venezuelan style!!!! I miss this soooo much!  http://yfrog.com/14lyij
ID	2	turning laptop of. i'm scared  poor baby.
ID	4	Summer/ Yet I have to read 6 books.... 6 LONG books
ID	2	wonders if anyone would care if she died tomorrow
ID	4	Argh noo! Missed The Killers on Wossy!  That sucks! Missed out on Brandon. Total failure! Anyone know if it's repeated? Must investigate!
ID	3	My best mate found out that I am moving. She doesn't understand I wanna do something with my life; Leaving to go to Uni..
ID	2	@Tayluvsbroadway yeah  fail times. she was in an accident like a month ago, too, almost same thing. was on the bus on her motorscooter
ID	3	@Cadwaladr omg yes!!!!!!! but I have to get ready for work early tonight  I have payroll distribution duty
ID	2	still sick  thinking about naming the puppy june
ID	0	Which would be a lot easier to get if plane tickets to AZ didnt raise $80 in price
ID	1	Which would be a lot easier to get if plane tickets to AZ didnt raise $80 in price
ID	2	@Audioprincess  Ah bad times   I hate exams. I feel so unprepared this time as well. Sucks haha.
ID	2	My blackberry is soon approaching her death
ID	2	Such a headache  It's killen me!
ID	3	so bored  Gonna go to the Carnival and get an all day pass tomorrow. Excited for that, but very bored today.
ID	2	@Mcpattz I hope u enjoyed it and your back is now feeling much more better  God,its 1:20am...heading to bed  God..too late..good night
ID	4	@LucySiebens I think they are disgusting
ID	2	trying to upload a custom background on here, but it's not working
ID	2	acho q to
ID	3	@cassetetapes  shareeee.
ID	0	@thehypercube - touched a real live Cube in Hamilton. Dealership closed - couldn't sit in it though
ID	1	@thehypercube - touched a real live Cube in Hamilton. Dealership closed - couldn't sit in it though
ID	4	all dressed up and no where to go...
ID	4	homework on a friday night...lame
ID	2	@WerewolfEmbry I'm sorry.
ID	4	found out my &quot;friend&quot; isnt actually. but hey shit happens.
ID	4	@AyeBloodyRight no i mean 2moz. I'm workin' 7-1 in a bakers then 6-4 later in a pub
ID	3	seeing the gf 5 days in a row for a few hours each day is amazing-just wish the location wasn't a hospital
ID	2	Gettin ready to head back to Chi...don't wanna leave Indy  #fb
ID	2	@lauradanner I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
ID	4	Was just in a wreck. Getting real sore now. It was their fault and they didn't have insurance. Was planning to go to the wedding tonight
ID	4	@Kat_785 yeah now I'm done BUT I have to work all weekend  I'm sooooo bummed about it
ID	2	@saraht578 What software do you use to design sites? I'm a CS student and currently I hard code everything. It's not the fastest way...
ID	2	has broken off the fb wedding so sadly no longer has an excuse to get @ hauntingxealot to Goulburn
ID	2	off work early
ID	3	@zachsang  do it at like like 9 causeee im babysitting haha or you should call me causeee im kinda bored right now
ID	0	Yay for St Louis traffic
ID	1	Yay for St Louis traffic
ID	2	Thinks she's getting sick.....
ID	4	The sun is breaking through the clouds!...and now it's covered up again.
ID	2	At the orthodontisssttt
ID	2	trying to fix my internet connection...guess my 'prayers' have been answered and i wont have any study distractions  ugh
ID	2	@jarnmang  Hope everything ok! Can burr fix this?
ID	2	@abbefied Bummer- that is a bad experience.
ID	2	Waiting to put my story about Stereo Skyline up. Don't know where to put it. BOOOO
ID	2	@thatkidkevin my phone died
ID	4	I dont want to be ugly anymore
ID	2	@mamamikey paramore makes me want to punch babies  lol
ID	4	@jaredque gets to go home. I'm here until 10:30
ID	2	r u still there? ? I guess not    i want to talk to you
ID	4	last day of school and last concert of my life.. wow.. can you say emotional? im really gonna miss mhs..  had graduation practice today..
ID	4	@say_stephanie im so pissed i couldnt make an instore at hot topic in the rockaway mall to see @nicksantino.  haha no he wont.
ID	2	im in pain, shit
ID	3	@spookygirl what a great project!!! Wish I could have done that with DD1. She's too old now.
ID	3	@dougiemcfly http://twitpic.com/67uc7 - awww it's a shame that your all flued up  but apparently it's realllly good stuff. good luck f ...
ID	0	my phone is dead  this sucks
ID	1	my phone is dead  this sucks
ID	2	@AdamSchwabe Oh no....Sorry to hear that ....
ID	2	Prayin for dad  in Wellington, FL http://loopt.us/F8_Jqg.t (via @furman27).       I too live in welly.  May i pray for you?
ID	2	kind of.i'm trying to make sure i have everything yet still look after the boy.hubby isn't home yet
ID	4	I will miss my City when we leave...priciness, pollution, panhandlers and all
ID	4	So I love my mac but msn doesn't work on it still
ID	2	@KSdaisy Oh, that sounds bed..poor girl
ID	0	@foodphilosophy seriously, technology isn't always my friend. Nothing like doing double research.
ID	1	@foodphilosophy seriously, technology isn't always my friend. Nothing like doing double research.
ID	4	I hve a blister on my pinky nd it hurts soooo much!
ID	4	I lost 15 dollars. I always lose my money
ID	3	@Jonasbrothers I like all the songs  I can't say just one guys! love ya
ID	2	@Twinnikkib too late  I'm already on the bus goin home  what the he'll u talkin about drinkin tea????
ID	3	at least two to three times a week i turn on the tv, find comedy central already on and have to endure a brief moment of scrubs
ID	0	Stupid storm. No river for us tonight
ID	1	Stupid storm. No river for us tonight
ID	3	@ce_ci ewww poor you  wish you all the best! thank God there is Rolland Garros this month isn't?! ;P
ID	3	@EmilyKSalcedo Flew home from London to NI to catch up with the family and caption a show ... Everyone went to bed early and left me!!
ID	2	@ryansporn Don't be mad at me.  Please? ::puppy dog eyes::
ID	2	I took her cracker now she doesn't love me
ID	3	I think I already regret telling rick I have an xbox... I'm losing him to that and twitter..  you still want it jimbo haha
ID	0	@littlelindseyyy i hate it
ID	1	@littlelindseyyy i hate it
ID	2	@nerak35 hello 30stm-fan  another one that's cool. i don't know one fan of them in person only via the net  so how are you?
ID	3	Just loaned out a set of aerobars to team mate for tomorrow's Texas Cup race at Alkek. Bummed I won't be there.
ID	4	@allysonbrianna Well, yeah. But my mom doesn't wanna drive all the way to Sac if we were that far away.
ID	4	@HimOverThere awww, poor leg!  *sends virtual hug* x
ID	4	too many good shows coming up and no money to buy tickets. fmfl. brand new at the troub?
ID	0	Headed to Chicago for my cousin's wedding. Leaving at 5pm on a Friday was a horrible idea. Sitting stopped in traffic
ID	1	Headed to Chicago for my cousin's wedding. Leaving at 5pm on a Friday was a horrible idea. Sitting stopped in traffic
ID	2	Working on something exciting... and I cannot tweet about it for several months
ID	2	@architeuth1s oh no fair.... thats in 9 hours
ID	3	This day jus keeps getting better and better  FML
ID	4	fucking hates goodbyes
ID	3	Prayin for dad  in Wellington, FL http://loopt.us/F8_Jqg.t (via @furman27).  I too live in welly. May i pray f.. http://bit.ly/lB9SN
ID	3	@jeskamitch Hahah! That was the best! Thank god for Terry he was laughing so hard. I miss him   I remember racing trucks with him that ...
ID	3	Ate huge set of Appetizers. full now
ID	2	Unanticipated thunderstorm quashed camping trip
ID	4	Missed the play
ID	2	Just got my marks...  BCIT is the death of me I swear!
ID	2	I hate to say this, but CLA really should have had a press conference or something today.
ID	3	@loonyboi You rule for doing this! I bought the second game at full price and lost it in a move.
ID	4	My head hurts
ID	4	whatever. i give up, my phones about to die anyway.  next time
ID	2	Families  I really feel for some people and wish I could help but I can't
ID	3	@punslingerr  i love jeopardy ...take that!
ID	4	@suewaters Sorry - I have failed to grasp your meaning
ID	2	Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great
ID	4	oy, im such a nerd..im writin 2 no1 cuz no1 is followin me  i mean lik sum1 was but their account was deleted due to &quot;strange activities&quot;
ID	0	general cleaning! i hate cleaning
ID	1	general cleaning! i hate cleaning
ID	2	feels very very sick  hmph.
ID	3	It baffles me how much Radio Shack isn't the same Radio Shack I grew up with
ID	2	@StaceMichelle I doubt I'll get one to be honest
ID	2	I'm really nervous about giving a speech at a wedding tomorrow
ID	4	@xchristineannx Aww I'm sorry your boys are sick.   I'll keep my fingers crossed for no tails. lol Stay well youself and get better boys!
ID	3	@PanicCrew still no michigan shows    where's the love??
ID	3	@spjwebster wish @njwebster was coming too  I guess we can make time for you though if we have to ;)
ID	0	I miss my saraH. baby come back!  (fuck bbvag smell.)
ID	1	I miss my saraH. baby come back!  (fuck bbvag smell.)
ID	2	Today was horrible. My sillyness caused me a whole lot of stress and head ache and it ended up ruining a beautiful sunny day.
ID	4	Looks like its another night at the office lol
ID	2	its about to storm..soo much 4 goin out  ..ill just play on the net for awhile
ID	2	AHHHHHHHH omg Pridelines got talent is giving me a headache!! wtf omg osn !!! Make it stop mommy make it stop
ID	2	peeling so much!!   ..I feel so bad
ID	2	@NKOTB So when are you guys coming to Alabama...you were supposed to be there tonight but cancelled...I had great seats
ID	2	@livlovsmileGRN what happened? I thought you were coming back today....
ID	2	just wake up.and i got flu  http://plurk.com/p/x2zp6
ID	3	Ok, back to packing. Have been sitting in car charging phone as charger was left @ home as well
ID	2	@saragarth Thank yooou! I might have to get it seen to... hm...  xx
ID	3	@grypes noooo! Little piggies.  i'll vote anyway, hmpf. We need to hang out soon pls. :hugs!:
ID	2	@cherylsayshi i thought it was just me that was like really hot. My room is too hot to sleep in
ID	2	@markymark7 Omg really??  I sowwy! I'll do it again! :-p I was tired when I did that this morning. :-p lol!
ID	2	@gosner living in harlem, i can say for sure that there is far more pollution here than in other parts of nyc where i've lived.
ID	2	I want to panic
ID	4	When you see me, point and laugh. I'm ugly.
ID	4	home alone on a friday night  doesnt get sadder than that folks
ID	2	3 days left of school!  For Bryce and Tyler, that's 3 more days of elementary
ID	0	Ew traffic
ID	1	Ew traffic
ID	0	hates getting wasted
ID	1	hates getting wasted
ID	4	needs to see a band live.. damn Blink for not coming to the UK this year!  ..anyone wanna go see Billy Bragg or Colin Blunstone with me?
ID	3	I really want to go see UP!  haha. Tooo cute! (:
ID	4	@Jaz_paige aww hey! I didn't know this was you! LOL. I'm sick. No outtie for me.
ID	4	@teemwilliams MICHELLEEEEEEEEEEEEMYBELLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE *snif snif*
ID	2	@FAITHL0VEH0PE I guess if you can't accept me....i'll have to keep it movin
ID	2	@LesbianDad i really wish i could make it! a 12 hr. drive just isn't going to happen this weekend.
ID	4	Not in front of the tv  wats the score an inning??
ID	2	@umassdilo PE and AA? That's a toss up. Did your mother have a &quot;fun&quot; time dealing with American Airlines (I assume)??
ID	4	ok, son in bath, so gonna see if I can find some quick quotes.  Gonna miss ya'll this weekend. I'm already gettin sad
ID	4	Oh dang! 'Drag Me To Hell' came out today, didn't it? Man, I wish I remembered; I would have gone and seen it.
ID	3	@iimJacko O dear! HE'S HERE! OMGOGMGO.. U didn't see that I was going to fuck u..?
ID	2	I left my ipod in the car so now its all warm.
ID	2	@juicystar007 ahhh im on your blogtv waiting room
ID	4	@Trillian711 I had an account at a local comic store that I ran to 4k  at one time
ID	4	How amazing is hollyoaks! But my poor warren lmao!
ID	3	I love my brothers  I miss them, I see them tomorrow! They  are my rock.
ID	2	I want to go see Drag Me To Hell tonight. But no one to go with
ID	4	@backseatgoodbye aww...thats a bummer
ID	2	Doesn't feel well and Derek won't get me any medicine
ID	4	@Nextman305 I wish, but nah babe back I home in the ATL
ID	2	I think I may have ruined a friendship this week by getting carried away
ID	4	Missing the shotgun match because I was guilted into going to the store with the wife.
ID	2	Giving up. Everyone and their cat is using Castle.DynamicProxy2. 3 out of 4 of my dependencies need each a different version of DynProxy2
ID	3	@LadyRedCrest @miss_hazy  Have safe trips! And Indy is my home
ID	4	@snoozen i think i'll be home more than i want to be next week - no work booked in for the forseeable.
ID	2	@marialuvsu i guess ill never have it  but the sad thing is that u didn't put an Alternate e-mail!! cause if u dont remember ur secret
ID	2	@omoly girl i am buying &amp; posting your pressie tomorrow but i have no fucking clue what to get you so i'm sorry if you hate it
ID	4	I'm soooo bored. just fuckin got a new phone and called my man but hes busy and one else bored???
ID	2	@paulatoole Sorry  I wasn't doing the inviting...all single women I think.
ID	4	Just to drive @tweetie crazy, I miss the big blue selected tweet highlight. I can't tell which tweet is selected anymore
ID	3	@dougiemcfly you're ALWAYS awesome, Dougie. have a great gig tonight, wish I were there again  Love you, thanks for yesterday!
ID	2	Brittany moved
ID	0	@hollay I hate you
ID	1	@hollay I hate you
ID	2	I don't wanna be single the rest of my life
ID	2	mom is on her way home  but yay for mother son days! she even bought some new shoes. haha.
ID	3	@lucylumcfly thhaanks!  , i wish too
ID	4	@PaperCakes  i hate when that happens. i hope you figure it out soon!
ID	2	is bored, cant go on habbo stupid ban
ID	3	@swtcupcake Not sure it didn't say it was 2 big. I jst saw the pics of u on ur last bday. You looked so pretty!! I miss you!!
ID	3	@Gemma_Rigby Well my neck hurts from moving out  you massage me, i massage u?! lol!
ID	4	I fought Jered to the death to avoid a wet willy.. but he got me anyway.  Q is coming over.. bike ride?
ID	3	@JadeSkylar - oh, COOL!! D. I'm going to like a bunchh of JB shows this summer... I am so broke now though  haha
ID	4	@katrchrdsn Without whipped topping, there is no shortcake.   #shortcakefail
ID	2	feels a sinus headache brewing, but can't take drugs.
ID	3	@dougiemcfly good show for you guys .. i wish i could be there to see you
ID	2	Goodnight all! No iPod still but found my old MP3 player...we'll see how long it holds out for.  xxx
ID	2	I'm at work!!!! Ugghhhhh someone save me now
ID	4	i dont wanna miss the laker game tonight! i'm so sad
ID	3	@eric_extacy lol i know eric, i wont delete you! just people i dont really know and never talk. and bands
ID	2	What a gloomy day in the OC,Cali
ID	2	@ubringmejoi in spoke to you yesterday and u didnt respond girl  wassup though!
ID	2	I wish I lived closer to the girls.  I'm tryna chill on a Friday night!    (@winonapatron next weekeeend! Drink all day AND night?!)
ID	2	@mia423 Sleeping in for me is sleeping until 8am  But you know I have 3 kids ....
ID	3	@MitaliandMe thanks for trying
ID	2	Now I feel sick.
ID	0	stupid playstation! stupid controllers don't work so I can't play kingdom hearts.
ID	1	stupid playstation! stupid controllers don't work so I can't play kingdom hearts.
ID	4	@krooyakkers what I thought ur going somewhere that's why I didn't invitw u
ID	2	@oxEmalieexo: Awwwwwwwwwwe  That okay. I missed bullet's concert in toronto last summer 'cause i had just gotten into them D:
ID	4	heading to graduation  I do NOT like this....oh and Nick....I'll be looking for you....
ID	2	I should go shower but FFAF is fucking distraaaaacting
ID	3	Haven't used twitter in awhile. BGT!! DRAWING!! SUMMER!! FINALS
ID	0	ugh blisters on both my big toes and on both my legs and my shoulders are raw as shit. my life sucks right now
ID	1	ugh blisters on both my big toes and on both my legs and my shoulders are raw as shit. my life sucks right now
ID	3	@KelseyJ_xo  hey chick u alryt u at dads tmoro we sud do sumin aen like last week we neva dun oot this week lol  missed you ha bye hun xxx
ID	2	not ready to say goodbye to spring awakening tomorrow. ugh  anyone else going to be there???
ID	2	people are not twitting very much today
ID	4	i called kris he didn't pick up i feel really bad ha ha
ID	2	@mrsBAUERxo why has it been so long since i have talked to you let alone seen you?? it makes me sad
ID	2	I am having serious cig craving... head for kitchen, let the non smoker weight gain begin
ID	2	missing his voice
ID	2	Omg! Really? I just ran into a wall
ID	2	enchiladas weren't as good as I thought they would be     now I know why I don't eat mexican
ID	2	Is it sad that I'm a little sad it was the last day of school?  I am so ready to be done with it...but saying goodbye is hard.
ID	4	I guess the relaxing dinner and a movie is out for tonight...I was looking forward to that after my day at work
ID	3	The Hangover: That movie is gonna be hilarious. wish i could see it with the crew
ID	3	@ce_ci Im not reasonable... It's 1:35am now and gotta wake up early tomorrow on my first day of holidays!  have a great evening!
ID	2	Wish I had time to make it to the CFI lecture tonight after basketball
ID	2	well.. all my slacking off earned me a D and a C   but at least everything else are A's and B's ^^  next school year all B's and A's Esh!
ID	2	@Natasja_Cupcake I think only 23.  I get confused easy tho. LOL I hope so if so two stopped following me 2. I know one did already.
ID	2	sore throat again. gaaah. it hurts.
ID	2	going through security already miss my baby.
ID	4	Ugh have to report again monday
ID	2	Thought I was seeing top shelf jizz. Very dissapointed!
ID	0	Ok so I'm fuckin hungry....!  I'm fat I know..I know..! Aha
ID	1	Ok so I'm fuckin hungry....!  I'm fat I know..I know..! Aha
ID	2	Im not doing the hunt, i was in the middle of making it but all my work got erased  sry guys, now i look like a idiot for replying 2 all u
ID	2	@staceyclarkin More than welcome...would love to do more physically, but family life doesn't allow
ID	2	@BriaNicoleSison Why aren't you at blue martini with me??
ID	3	@DelbertShoopman Good luck with the footage - none of the stations are breaking in live with it
ID	3	@trishaanyndhita but i love adriana
ID	2	Just wrote another song, but i ran out of ideas so this one is a bit crap
ID	2	Karine Ruby, &quot;former Olympic snowboarding champion dies at 31.&quot; http://bit.ly/uKRBg
ID	4	@dinosuit  Idk. I'm only a stupid 7th Grader
ID	2	@Deztini tolddd you there was thunder! ew now it's all rainy D: i'm scared!
ID	4	Bah a coworker ran into work late and her bag smacked into my knee  it really hurts now
ID	4	@GrowWear Unfortunately for us it looks like there are NO funny people on twitter  Should we move to FB or start our own...flitter
ID	2	@hughsbeautiful Is beastypops tired? I wish i was. My tablets are just making me want to throw up!
ID	4	Upset  bout to talk to someone but idk who though
ID	4	@tbake CRAP. I always forget you are on here
ID	2	I cant afford life right now. Everything i want to do is too expensive
ID	4	@psylentmike haha! you're so funny, Mikee .. you're probably the only Mike I'll ever like  *sad thoughts*
ID	4	Damn I wish I was at Botcon with everyone.
ID	2	has made a decision and will stick to it although I'm really not sure it's the right one
ID	2	@casper1201     my bracelet broke today too.
ID	2	@mitchelmusso i would love to call you but i live in Norway so its a little hard
ID	2	can I just go to sleep and wake up in December when my house is all organized and the baby is here?.. feeling like poo today
ID	2	@lid86 he already got a shot at having his own show and didn't prove himself
ID	2	I couldn't do anythin cuz he jacked it when I stepped out for like 30 seconds &amp; was already outside up the mtn when I came back..
ID	4	The internet is just being a big fail for me today-- not only is Twitter its usual semi-flaky self, but Facebook and VRBO.com, too  Boo!
ID	3	Mom says I have to get a new phone IMMEDIATELY....off to T-Mobile.  she paying....
ID	2	Looking for the @japadog in Coal Harbour. Can't find it!
ID	2	@TheMonkeyBoy I never get them and the hubby is due in next week.. &lt;cries&gt; hope its gone by then
ID	3	@Goatzilla nooo, poor cat  he just wants a cuddle... or food, its hard to tell
ID	3	@KennyJ88 that was good . but mean  haha
ID	2	My car has an alarm &amp; immobiliser so it makes it incredibly complicated AND costly! I have no key code neither for the immobiliser.
ID	2	@PhillyD i wish i could be there!! too much going on.  sad day
ID	2	@mitchelmusso Are you still taking calls? We were next to talk to you and we got disconnected before you got now.
ID	4	ugh... my back is killing me.
ID	2	&quot;your true theatre calling? - musical theatre actor&quot;  i wish :'( xxx
ID	2	off for the weekend! yay. i gots work from 8pm-12am though  it sucks cause this is like the last weekend for partying and im gonna be at
ID	2	Great. Now there's a cloud that's really, really dark grey right outside my office window. This sure has a lotta precip with it.
ID	2	@tommymercedes wish i was but im in chicago
ID	4	@MaidMirawyn I was supposed to go tomorrow tooooo, but have to use gas and ticket money to pay for car inspection fee.
ID	2	just left &amp; already misses Nashville  be back sunday
ID	0	@shemeika of course you'd be going there when I'm not there!
ID	1	@shemeika of course you'd be going there when I'm not there!
ID	2	Doesnt't want to get up
ID	2	@Kristen_Oyler Poor little woman with her smushed in head
ID	3	I am increasingly convinced that I am moderately lactose-intolerant - given my deep and abiding love of cheese, this totally sucks
ID	2	I think I lost all of my blog posts
ID	0	Im really desappointed...
ID	1	Im really desappointed...
ID	4	Is at work
ID	4	Bored to tears without my boys! They are at their dad's for a week
ID	0	I am going to be sooooo busy today it's not funny. i hate busy day's
ID	1	I am going to be sooooo busy today it's not funny. i hate busy day's
ID	2	off to bed with my sore nipples
ID	2	@chillingo  I wanted to beta test but saw the thread after the results were announced
ID	3	@vickytcobra ohhh wonder what happened?
ID	4	@totalgunner Nurofen and marijuana, usually. But I'm lacking the latter currently.
ID	2	@djeebus i cant drink cause i dont have a dd to take of home
ID	4	I'm sick and sad .... missing out on Martini Lounge tonight
ID	4	Going to have yum dinner then watch 'bad girlfriend' play. I have a 6am call time tomorrow
ID	4	@RobertPound not my groom!  think i'll die an old maid! lol
ID	2	@mitchelmusso i called you too, just YOU don't pick up! i think i deserve a shoutout...
ID	2	aww i feel bad cause i dunno if nicole is in the city looking for me. she's probably worried  srry hun
ID	2	So confused about what to do?
ID	2	sunburnt again
ID	3	Here's a big moan for Dave Leyrock... IM UP IN 8HRS!  pity me! Coloursfest ahoy xo
ID	0	I'm gonna cryyy!!! My car looked so good clean and its fuckin raining!?! I always do this...wash it right before it rains
ID	1	I'm gonna cryyy!!! My car looked so good clean and its fuckin raining!?! I always do this...wash it right before it rains
ID	4	@naontiotami No, but I missed you
ID	2	@SaadZaeem nothing much man, waiting for my Insurance card to come through... Cant get any workdone here w/o it... Redtape
ID	3	@missryss HAHA I took the quiz on fb and missed the mcfly one
ID	2	@gregorybayne I'm so sad I wish I was going to
ID	0	24 hours and $400 later and I hav a new telecom phone that dosent work.  Stupid telecom
ID	1	24 hours and $400 later and I hav a new telecom phone that dosent work.  Stupid telecom
ID	2	its getting really windy out there
ID	2	@funtimeshelly sorry to hear about your dog
ID	4	Can't beat all time low.. (: I soooooo want to go to Metro Station..  Your cheap shots wont be able to break bones
ID	2	@SexyShaq it starts @ 6. But we will be there until they throw us out. Traffic will be crazy!
ID	3	@ghaliia Mabrook @iamMishal inta wain wil diet wain! @p0ach ma 3indi funoon
ID	4	this is the worst day ever, i've been told im a chav
ID	3	been in bed for two days with migraines
ID	2	@Jessimikuh go and see my puppy! I don't want to be there alone
ID	4	theres too much light pollution to see the stars
ID	2	I recommend returning your broken duck toy with the batteis it came with or the person who your giving it to may get mad!!  trust me!
ID	2	@nofearentertain Just read up on your Mom   Hope she's okay!!
ID	2	@PBCProductions  Why couldn't you let me know sooner...I can't call out of work on this short notice, oh well here is for next time.
ID	0	Cleaned out me Followers List and blocked the porn girls &amp; Crap Now I look like a spammer
ID	1	Cleaned out me Followers List and blocked the porn girls &amp; Crap Now I look like a spammer
ID	4	Im not friends with anyone anymore
ID	3	OMG Great Day Today Went To A Art Thingy  And Noe I Really Want A Zune HD  And The Bed Part Its Raining  Come Out Mister Sun
ID	2	@samanthai Ahh well he can only spend short amounts of time on because of his mum  You should scroll back at our msgs!!! ;-)
ID	0	@IsoBan ... i hate it so much.
ID	1	@IsoBan ... i hate it so much.
ID	4	my friends are in San Pablo right now... they'll be drinking, laughing and swimming... and iim here....  huhuhu
ID	2	Well, it's very hot out. And i want to listen to lines,vines,and trying times!!
ID	2	@MileyCyrus: Oh. The voting is over!  But don't worry, I already voted for you about 100000000000000000000000000000000000 times earlier!!!
ID	3	My whole life has come to this......incredibly amazing
ID	2	Ive got mad cramps in my legs
ID	4	Aw one of our fishies died
ID	3	Cleaned out my Followers List and blocked the porn girls &amp; Crap Now I look like a spammer
ID	2	@allisonlodato YES PLEASEEEEE. i miss you  ps i'm bouts to text you
ID	4	i give uppp a hour of tryin to tlk to @mitchelmusso  i love him but my minutesss lol
ID	0	@JusLisaE what a damn shame all that body to waste
ID	1	@JusLisaE what a damn shame all that body to waste
ID	0	@inkswamp No FTP/Browser on the Mac  I may visit an old Mac Lab or Sneakernet with ZIP100s to Kinkos. Anyone with Fetch on a Floppy? DM me
ID	1	@inkswamp No FTP/Browser on the Mac  I may visit an old Mac Lab or Sneakernet with ZIP100s to Kinkos. Anyone with Fetch on a Floppy? DM me
ID	4	my puppy is sick
ID	3	@Omarion5sho i like OGBERRY
ID	2	@itsgabbith hMm well at least you got them out! Sorry about it though  wish you could keep them in!!!
ID	4	@mitchelmusso Hey Mitchel when will you be live again? I didn't get a chance to call you
ID	4	@misterperturbed I ordered a replacement palm centro cuz my phone got kill't! I wanted a palm pre but cant afford a data plan
ID	2	I just realized the reason why I am so sad today is because it's reeeeally gloomy outside
ID	4	@selenagomez we'll miss you! I'm sad I didn't get to meet you
ID	3	hoping that one day i will be able to go on dates with my 26 year old boyfriend without his parents...
ID	4	my dark knight dvd is missing   i'm pissed
ID	2	Got a Real Bad  headache
ID	4	Sorry for the delay in publishing this weeks show  Some technical difficulties during encoding. Will be out asap but may be Saturday.
ID	4	i wish i was in cali wit mari nd lupita seeing vfc  not fair
ID	2	June is going to be a long, lonely month.
ID	2	@selenagomez aww  but we miss you here in the USA.
ID	4	I feel like my dream just got crushed
ID	2	And now im all hungry and thirsty. and too afraid to go downstairs...
ID	2	@mitchelmusso I kept calling and calling, but never got through
ID	2	@Vasilly I think I have some tea somewhere. It's probably old though.
ID	2	@JYoungS2TS Yaay! I was supposed to go, but I missed it
ID	2	I have a farmers sunburn! Ahhhh!
ID	3	I hate not getting e-mail's  going to do other stuff now...ice my toe (long story) and have some calpol (cold :S) soooo night xxxx
ID	4	Home w/bae &amp; Myka.. He's so meann
ID	2	I dont know where to get my hair cut!
ID	3	@Keiyaunna grrrrri want you to come  kiss justice for me !!!
ID	4	had my last class with Scott and Julie today  going to miss them... they bought me a bottle of champagne as a congratulatory gift.
ID	4	Hmmm... he's so lovely. I wish he was here now. I'm tired but can't sleep
ID	4	@finellskii have fun!  i am sad to not be with you guys
ID	4	@JayresC: n u can't change your profile backgroud neither
ID	2	@Jennicricket not sure i can make it
ID	4	absolutely gutted that i'm not going to badu tonight.  you guys have fun...! just got home and need to head downtown now. gd this heat!
ID	4	@Boy_Kill_Boy That would be really great....except im not allowed to talk to boys on the phone  long story...my fault
ID	3	Back home after a funeral for my wife's grandfather today.  Now its time for homework
ID	2	is gonna be mad hungry when I get home. Forgot my money...
ID	4	AT&amp;T cheated the system and now I have no Green Day tickets  Damn you AT&amp;T!
ID	4	It is Gloomy outside. It is making me sad  I miss the sun and its happiness!!
ID	2	@mitchelmusso I wish I was able to talk to you.
ID	2	@Russzart Ohh noo. Joshua im sooo sorry i was out ,im really sorry i didnt get to see you :''( please forgive me  I'm sorry &lt;3
ID	2	@o_0robertpatt Why do they do that?!
ID	3	@StoneBrewingCo um... thats my favorite beer!! why must you torture me so when I can't make it down there!!
ID	2	@vickytcobra i'm sorry your day wasn't so good  does it make you feel better to know you're beating oprah on ms twitterworld?
ID	2	i hate storms.
ID	4	@djCrMix it's been raining every single afternoon in S.Florida  not fair! hehe
ID	4	@TheStevieOs Yes it's herrrrr.  Dude, I'm gonna fucking cry.
ID	2	@xsparkage LOL that is so Charlie......I miss Charlie
ID	2	Why can't I sleep ????? Is it too much to ask for :-P
ID	2	@JennycLiu Oh yah! My dad does that. But I don't have a landline.
ID	3	My best friend is away at special olympics . She said she was gonna bring me .
ID	2	@dhewlett I'm still trying to see Star Trek! I'll just have to Woman up and go alone. BF is pretty much worthless anyway  lol
ID	3	to the doctor  anyone wanna do somethin after for a bit?
ID	2	*moment of silence* for the Budget i'm bout to b on  I spend wayyy to much $$$.... OMG! I'm on a Budget?!?!
ID	2	i look like a freaking tomato  goin to graduation..
ID	4	@2Serenity No FAIR!
ID	4	@mitchelmusso I'm so sad I missed your calling time, I got home from practice too late
ID	2	@iheartmc I'm sorry sister!!  just think you get to see your man in a bit! That should make you happy. You guys should call me tonigh
ID	2	Hmm, no holga for me probably
ID	3	Going home to enjoy what is left of the day - I can't believe how quickly this week flew by, no time for tweets
ID	2	I'll have to take a picture of the moon tomorrow night  not gonna happen today :/
ID	2	Darn it, I'm craving wedding cake... a craving that's very hard to satisfy with anything else!
ID	2	Explains why the Woodman offramp was closed  @abc7 Breaking: 2 suspects robbed Union Bank at Riverside &amp; Woodman in Sherman Oaks.
ID	2	@Lynne90 wasnt it supposed to have been in for yesterday?
ID	3	Sweet booth at Newport... But all the people are outside  http://post.ly/hEb
ID	4	OH NO TODAYS JAY LENOS LAST SHOW!!! WE'LL MISS U MR. LENO
ID	0	My head hurts because that air freshner is the most horriblel scent ever.. Im super grossed out!!!!
ID	1	My head hurts because that air freshner is the most horriblel scent ever.. Im super grossed out!!!!
ID	2	@derwendtde so sorry about that  I have the same issues...LOL. My weekend started about an hour ago!!!
ID	4	@jjooss I think he is :[ wish we could give him a tear or some blood to make him feel better
ID	3	all alone on a friday night
ID	4	Gonna miss Thick As Blood next Friday
ID	2	@dreamergirl822 it's really gutwrenching.  So sad
ID	4	@ivansharris Hey, where do you go last night?  Was expecting to see you @ On Broadway.
ID	2	@jordanknight off to bed with fingers and toes and everything crossed u pick me-lol! Hope ur well and got back safe,poor Jon  xx
ID	2	Visiting family in hospital = not fun
ID	4	It SUCKS when my playmate is MIA all weekend.  Sad
ID	3	@brittaniethekid   But he's so adorable.
ID	3	@extensis the app said i need 12.1.5 or later
ID	0	Danget  having problems with WLW and Blog engine  uggh... not again  !!
ID	1	Danget  having problems with WLW and Blog engine  uggh... not again  !!
ID	2	I burneded my tummy
ID	0	God is a huge teaser
ID	1	God is a huge teaser
ID	2	@jimyvr Yeah, and that's where everything becomes difficult and generalisations break down. Not an easy problem  .
ID	4	@siwhitehouse Didn't work for me  Except when I used the word autofollow and got followed by an bot selling an autofollow program.
ID	2	is having trouble breathing through the pain..and now i have a damn fever...   (^~^)&lt;^&gt;
ID	0	Power Outage, door to freezer propped open, 3G ice cream make for slippy floor  M-er F-er!!
ID	1	Power Outage, door to freezer propped open, 3G ice cream make for slippy floor  M-er F-er!!
ID	0	RP @Bryan000: RP @MrSwishaTwista: RP @Bryan000: My crack...--Here's mine. ?----  I just threw up in my mouth lil bit--It's my legs, LOL.
ID	1	RP @Bryan000: RP @MrSwishaTwista: RP @Bryan000: My crack...--Here's mine. ?----  I just threw up in my mouth lil bit--It's my legs, LOL.
ID	2	@WardrobeGuy Sorry... What does that mean? I currently have a world phone &amp; I use apps. I'm confused...
ID	2	@reddevilleanne aww  i guess not that many people are online though...
ID	2	well no phone today, we are waiting till June 9th to get a better deal sooooo  but its all good
ID	2	i dont want to be home all by myself all weekend!!!!!!!!!       what should i do?
ID	3	@MsHollywoodDiva hahahaha your watching 106 too... i miss Oceans 10...
ID	3	@Owl311 thanks
ID	2	i havent gotten any prank calls making me laugh in so long.
ID	0	@MirandaBuzzfans dont worry, i will. i HATE it when nobody comments on my pics
ID	1	@MirandaBuzzfans dont worry, i will. i HATE it when nobody comments on my pics
ID	4	Kill me now I'm so sick    n it's Friday night!!
ID	2	My Tummy Hurt
ID	0	you not going nowhere bitch!
ID	1	you not going nowhere bitch!
ID	2	and i wish i gave you one last kiss
ID	3	I love @mitchelmusso very much  I called him, but he was talking to other fans  I love you a lot Mitchel! I'll see u in El Cajon. June 7
ID	4	@brighternoise really??
ID	2	My vibe is currently downed.  The only thing amusing me is my Joker shirt. *Looks down and pokes shirt* I want a peanut butter sandwich...
ID	3	Off to ambers...a weekend of labour and hard work ahead!
ID	4	Nothing 2 do 2nte  Boooooooo! I'm totally bored!
ID	4	I'm bored. I have a headache.
ID	4	@amalah I am very jealous.  I was supposed to go see it in Seattle with a friend this summer but she had to bail out because of work
ID	3	@NikkiBenz cool !! actually i believe T.I. has just begun his jail sentence in arkansas
ID	2	@Dani___ okay, i'll finally get to meet Dia! that's her name, right? oh geez i'll feel so stupid if it's not.
ID	2	@ahr19 Yeah, I'm behind on my classic cinema calendar-making. I haven't had time to go see any anyway.
ID	3	where are the good music and lyrics?! it seems like humans have lost their ability to understand whats good and whats bad.
ID	0	stupid wireless!!
ID	1	stupid wireless!!
ID	0	Ahhhh!!!!!! Almost off!!! Can't wait!! But..I got work again rite after this!   HAT CLUB Come &amp;&amp; gimme some Company! Oh &amp;&amp; a Cookie! ;-)
ID	1	Ahhhh!!!!!! Almost off!!! Can't wait!! But..I got work again rite after this!   HAT CLUB Come &amp;&amp; gimme some Company! Oh &amp;&amp; a Cookie! ;-)
ID	4	the tip of my finger hurts  lmao
ID	4	my tummy kinda hurts!
ID	4	i feel extremely depressed right now.
ID	4	My head hurts....  Can wait to see the new photoshoot!!!!!!!
ID	2	This really sucks, I'm supposed to be home in a couple of days and I'm not  I hate borders and visa's.
ID	4	sux gabe just told me to go to the afterparty and I have ID that works but I can't go
ID	2	@yes_i_am_jes YAY! congrats! i'm afraid to check my grades!
ID	2	@askegg Argh, I'm so sorry you couldn't come... It was great to get to know everyone...
ID	4	Ugh I'm tired
ID	3	LauraA22is missing the fun she had with @Sylars_Army at Eclipse 3  #SArmy #SArmy #SArmy
ID	3	:o Wow only just found out new xbox is called xbox720 , how did i not no im a geek ...
ID	2	Gary Just tried the Ommegang Chocolate Indulgence: no chocolate, no indulgence, just ... metallic.  Best I can... http://ff.im/-3o7RV
ID	2	@symphnysldr what's goin on hun?  I'm worried about you
ID	2	Poor Johnny is sick   Looks like he'll be going to the vet tomorrow
ID	4	A simple nice dinner doesn't exist in my world.
ID	4	last day of school  so sad
ID	4	Johnny actually invited me to the movies but i have too many things to do before the concert
ID	4	@kraeth She really loves that ride, doesn't she?  Too bad I wasn't there recording it
ID	3	For some reason, Corona Light tastes so much better when I am with you than it does when I am alone.   http://twitpic.com/67wa0
ID	2	i have a headache
ID	3	Nursing my sick guniea pig back to health  and my cat is being jealous
ID	4	My dreams have been crushed...Spock does not like the ladies.
ID	2	@heyrai wow how ominious was that   im stayin in the house. n nobodys comin over either!!! LoL
ID	2	Really big spider on the floor two metres away from me  am actually a little scared.
ID	4	is missing the fun she had with @Sylars_Army at Eclipse 3  #SArmy #SArmy #SArmy
ID	2	I hate dreaming that your at some awesome party and you wake up at home, there was jager at the party too
ID	2	Anybody else experiencing painful slowdowns with facebook?
ID	2	Wow, I didn't realize my seats were so far back.  I hope I can enjoy the show enough for what I paid for the tickets.
ID	2	Oh No!!!! I must be gettin old!!!! My mom use to watch this show....I miss her
ID	2	Moving is hard work! This is my last night in the house I grew up in.
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/67wb4 - Gotta a show on Monday at 9.... hopefully my head will be better by then....
ID	2	@mitchelmusso i'm about to have to hang up   my fone is getting to hot
ID	4	Okay i feel really sick now
ID	2	Just finished bowling with my family.  It's definately not the same as with my friends
ID	4	@glennbeck Missed your show tonight   Just HAD to go up to Lake Erie and enjoy the quiet!
ID	4	I've been to Rome, Italy. I love it there. Elegance, style. Very difficult to live in Chicago. No elegance here. Sad.
ID	4	ended up face to face with a bear on 181 driving home this evening.  Sadly he took off into the woods before i hauled out my cameraphone
ID	4	i need to speak with @sofiedeville! but i left my phone at home
ID	3	new favorite group has to be J*Davey Hi&amp;Low is my shit. why don't the really flygroups come to Miami hell Florida? And no Rock The Bells
ID	3	@Candypants2 we did! They came out cold  The cheese sauce was good, though.
ID	3	i miss dooooooodddddiiiieeee
ID	2	In the dentist chair with a very numb left side for crown prep. Not fun to keep mouth open this long
ID	3	@coebooth Just got it a few hours ago! So not yet!
ID	4	I regret not going to the Movie audition today  Seems like my neighbors are gonna get a call back .  http://myloc.me/21RK
ID	2	My tweetdeck won't pull up.
ID	3	@jeanettesanchez lucky you, all we've had is rain in the city today  enjoy! ;)
ID	2	missing cat makes me sad
ID	2	@loldarian OMG SO srry to hear that
ID	2	@Jayme1988 Hi SweetiePie!! It's Friday night and I'm .... missing my sidekick &amp; his slippers.  It's just not Friday night w/o him.
ID	4	Fuuuuuuuudgeee I burned my finger with oil! It hurts
ID	2	I want a new UI  But I don't want to actually set it up myself.
ID	2	@Rosellyanna lol i know  and haha..did you fall asleep?? or just get bored of shaun :p joke
ID	4	This is dumb. I keep losing followers!
ID	4	big sis moved out 2day  its gna b weird without her! X
ID	0	@hellokatzchen  Anyone who can wear Victoria's Secret must submit pictures for the rest of us who cannot. My secrets must stay secret.
ID	1	@hellokatzchen  Anyone who can wear Victoria's Secret must submit pictures for the rest of us who cannot. My secrets must stay secret.
ID	3	acsvxdcbgfn soccer now. shall see young phoebe after D: I don't want her dressed up though
ID	2	Friday night... And I'm not doing anything!!  But I might go have some tacos at the lunch truck in Pasadena .... Just maybe.
ID	4	@TheSvilleNews http://twitpic.com/67kb6 - Sad day!  What a great guy and enthusiastic teacher.
ID	4	another friday night with nothing to do ...boyfriend works until 1am
ID	3	of course im almost there and theres traffic
ID	4	Can't believe preseason doesn't start until August  football with drawls..
ID	3	Oh, are we pushing the #GQMF trend tonight? Awesome. (I am woefully behind on my ontd_startrek reading  )
ID	3	@bjolly086 Now, I can't call your kitten by its new name, because Ryan makes fun of the way I say kitten.
ID	3	@iliveinbetween i graduate at 9am on Sunday June 14th...
ID	0	@aimzy24 I'm sorry, but x-men sucks... in a bad way!  ;p
ID	1	@aimzy24 I'm sorry, but x-men sucks... in a bad way!  ;p
ID	4	@rosegraymusic Tuned to listen, but had a 1:30 meeting. Now know that my high school/college French doesn't cut it anymore.
ID	2	The engine on my car blew
ID	3	@ Up in 3D with the boys. Grandpa had to go.  - http://bkite.com/07YeZ
ID	3	... I want to die. I want to TAKE my own life, forever. She's trying to get me to do a duet.
ID	4	Home. Got some nice plugs but no chipotle
ID	3	I'm all stuffted up but I gotta gets up &amp; go netball
ID	3	Ugh.  Las #vegas airport is at a &quot;ground stop&quot; which means I'm stuck in the plane on the tarmac (again) at LAX.
ID	3	Having internet access on board means I can see what bad weather we are flying into   http://bit.ly/h14Tw
ID	3	good news: finally finished my #EASactive workout that has been paused for 6 hours. bad news: my resistance band is torn
ID	4	aleesha's piggy died  she can't catch a fucking break man
ID	2	Well, Sacramento, I hope you appreciate Rivkah Sass &amp; treat her well. I'll be sitting here in Omaha, pouting
ID	3	@kemiFRESH i mean we mite do sumthn.... what u doin hope i get 2 c u b4 u head bak
ID	0	@requin they really do need to mind their own business, eating disorders are NOT the only reason people have to vomit, assholes
ID	1	@requin they really do need to mind their own business, eating disorders are NOT the only reason people have to vomit, assholes
ID	3	@alexxxpatterson we won't be in town  email me if there is another one though.
ID	2	Caught in a herd of somalions
ID	2	WHY DOES MY COUSIN PICK TODAY TO NOT TURN UP EARLY
ID	2	@JuliaWo I feel your pain... dont you hate those days
ID	4	I had a realization today, and it made me sad  But at least the healing can begin.
ID	3	Um. Why can't I write smut tonight? I like smut. I want to write smut. Yet, nothing. No smut.
ID	4	@cohenster i know its awful  but never fear i've got loads of funds so we can have a drunken catch up post-exams ja?
ID	3	Ok so any ideas of what to do tomorrow to make it fun? Cause i dont know what to do
ID	2	@saamanthajaane :o exams. YUCK    that will be hectic!
ID	3	@catrionat7 Yes yes Is. Ima Guna Be On For a While Lol.
ID	4	@marsacademy *HUGS you*  awwww......i'm sorry you are feeling sad E!
ID	2	@tashamclellan Oh nooo  I'm sorry you can't go!
ID	4	@emmaroo INNERCHILD!SARAH LIKES COOKIES AND IS SAD THAT YOU FEEL SAD AND GUILTY
ID	4	@no_surprises unfortunately yes
ID	2	@mlexiehayden How would I know if u didn't tell me??? Too busy cakin to pay me any attention
ID	4	Sum1 plz cheer me up
ID	0	@LSOLO ..ok brother...did you change your num and not give it to me, AGAIN??? smh..you no good dude
ID	1	@LSOLO ..ok brother...did you change your num and not give it to me, AGAIN??? smh..you no good dude
ID	4	@selenagomez come back to canada soon  we'll miss you!!
ID	4	@writeinink sure i can talk....the fabulous sex part though is out  sorry dear
ID	2	Im soooooooo damn hungry!! wat 2 eat??
ID	4	@natsolovelyx3: I knowww yur mother is being a bitch and she doesn't want to take me to the movies  bitch
ID	2	@HimOverThere aww noooo that doesn't sound too great
ID	4	@drbri I'm not sure as I've never used it. Sorry
ID	2	shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit advanced databases in 8 hours and 13 minutes  fail
ID	3	7pm and I'm just now leaving my desk.  And just last week I was on a safari. My how time flies.  What's good for the weekend? JBII
ID	0	@DirtyDizco Maaan if I was in pain I'd come. I wanna come  eat some 4 me lol *rolls eyes*
ID	1	@DirtyDizco Maaan if I was in pain I'd come. I wanna come  eat some 4 me lol *rolls eyes*
ID	4	@Kdpartak the ordered me a new blackberry to arrive TUES! I may die between now and them without phone  I have withdraws already
ID	2	iPhone is doing that &quot;not opening downloaded apps&quot; thing and I forgot my cord at home
ID	2	@_juliamarie people just don't appreciate nature. it's sad. did the lil dude survive?
ID	3	@ToxicSociopath awww. well before we know it youll be back visiting XD we will hang out constantly and have another heartbreaking goodbye
ID	3	I REALLY WANT TO GO TO artesia , cerritos on sunday for QUEST! LOL. imma die if i dont
ID	2	@TwoSteppinAnt Damn
ID	4	@tellie_jean Now that I think about it, when I get to the States, they'll probably still be touring, so they won't be there  Dammit!
ID	4	@mattpicasso iPhone is doing that &quot;not opening downloaded apps&quot; thing and I forgot my cord at home
ID	2	I will miss the soccer moms
ID	4	oh and #antiboyle didn't work out either  never too much of a bad thing eh uk eh
ID	2	iamkiara__  im so sick  I fell over last night outside coz I was putting something in the bin
ID	4	@angel0712 Oh, I totally want to see Star Trek!  But Kristine had already seen it with her hubby.
ID	2	A little irked at the moment
ID	4	@CaitEggers I need one too.
ID	2	Dentist  my tooth really hurts! &amp;0hhh yeahh I'm with this girl @ashliebrillault maybe you know her? She was Kate on lizzie mcguireee!&lt;3
ID	2	I'm fighting off feeling sick. Hoping it's just tired. I'm really not feeling too well, though
ID	2	@Dannymcfly i wanna a picture with u, in the hotel the security didn't allow me  it's so sad, i don't even know when i'm gonna see u again
ID	4	Mrs.Bates left
ID	2	Greenville Drive games just aren't the same without the &quot;Baseball Guy&quot; clown.
ID	2	fighting a cold.
ID	4	@robo__rob IKR. but i hate the lack of troyella  ggmow always makes me so sad
ID	2	Aww I have a tummy ache
ID	4	how sad was Hollyoaks
ID	2	driving past Tattered Cover w/o stopping  promising myself to make time next week.
ID	3	@caramp lol you saw where I was going with that...both of my last names are to common nothing special on me
ID	2	@pandjcrafts yeah I'd just uploaded 20 pics &amp; positioned them just right, then 'poof' gone, before I could save
ID	0	11 Days left until freedom. I really just want to get through this weekend. I hate essays.
ID	1	11 Days left until freedom. I really just want to get through this weekend. I hate essays.
ID	4	Exhausted after a 58 hour work week
ID	2	I need people to shoot so I can work on my new post processing technique.. but I need to show off the PP before people will want to!
ID	2	@HughHefnerJr uh oh u gonna fire somebody??
ID	2	Driving home to trade cars  hopefully it makes it! http://myloc.me/21SL
ID	3	@DirtyDizco Maaan if I wasnt in pain I'd come. I wanna come  eat some 4 me lol *rolls eyes*
ID	4	@AnalystAlterEgo i have bad news... i have to go take the dog for a walk--they're upset w/me!
ID	4	Drat. All my land boots died at once. I think of boots like parsley- one going to seed, the other first season. What to do now?
ID	4	Got out of work late. Lame! Busy day.
ID	4	@pcdnicole so sad u cancelled silverstone show  better see u in sandown park!
ID	2	Thinking about Debra leaving in July.
ID	4	@iamsuperbianca Oh, and I went with my friend to MYOH last night but they ran out of tarsier pins. So sad. He was really cute.
ID	2	oh!, I wanna buy Just That Girl - Drew Seeley, but I'm not allowed  I'm talking itunes store)
ID	2	@ChellyBelle I'm chopped liver.
ID	2	Misses her work peeps
ID	2	has just finished reading Twilight and thought it was crap...okay, it was alright...okay, i love it and really wanna read the next one
ID	2	I don't feel well at all
ID	2	there is poor lost duck outside of Olive Garden. that makes me sad
ID	0	what am i gonna watch after BGT  bad times
ID	1	what am i gonna watch after BGT  bad times
ID	4	It's too hot!! Thermometer showing 25c at the moment
ID	4	@scopezum I feel the same way! 9 hours of sleep and still exhausted! ahh!
ID	3	Just got out of work
ID	2	@HimOverThere gosh, poor thing! Get well soon, leg.  xx
ID	3	Ugh work sucks. I could be with sher right now
ID	0	@Lady_Lynn @deanna_raquel ahh man  ok if y'all end up doin sumthin else let me kno so I can meet y'all 2 see wht yal gone do..
ID	1	@Lady_Lynn @deanna_raquel ahh man  ok if y'all end up doin sumthin else let me kno so I can meet y'all 2 see wht yal gone do..
ID	4	Last day of the TV up-fronts w/ our colleagues from Sydney, Paris, London...
ID	2	Sitting and waiting and hoping this lady would hurry the hell up... I hate moving... It super sucks...
ID	4	Feeling pretty tired and lonely
ID	4	@Susan_Ferman that's so weak!!  facebook fail
ID	4	Panda express, it's been so long. I've missed you
ID	4	Just took $10 off a guy who thinks he can bluff three times in a row and get away with it. Now back to showing how shit my work is
ID	2	@WordofSouth Damn brah, u not happy?
ID	3	@UKTeresa You've made me look at old pictures of my cats.  I want them to be kitties again
ID	2	went on a long 10 mile bike ride today, then it started raining
ID	3	im full. i had a tripple thick chocolate milkshake from mcdonalds now i feel sick
ID	2	@Cre8tiveSin sarcasm?  i need a PJ to fly to the hotspots and party and fly home for work the next day
ID	4	: doc said my bones look &quot;fine enough.&quot; also should see a rhumatologist. I'm such am old lady now
ID	2	@BuzzEdition You're welcome. Hey, have you sent love @CTK1 's way? In hospital today for surgery to sort old motorbike accident
ID	3	@SuperNinjaMax noooooooooo my parrents found my stash
ID	2	Ugh, migraine.
ID	3	sittin on d bed about 2 fall asleep
ID	3	Didn't get to go wakeboarding  but i'll be good cause i'm having a lush night!
ID	2	cowering from pain
ID	2	Can't stop coughing, feel like I might have bronchitis again, no fun
ID	4	... And, I was the only person who stood up for them. The world is full if spineless cunts. This makes me sad
ID	3	@celebritystatus wifeyyyyyy  me no likey u siky
ID	2	my phone is going to die too prematurely
ID	4	tried to swat a fly with my Buddhist magazine... bad karma
ID	3	@doodleworld  Thx had a great day &amp; gonna have a long weekend.  Excited yet I'll be missin my tweeple badly.
ID	3	@ESQUIRE8 OMG I am @ the hair salon. *tears*  I hope I get out of here soon. We watching the Real House wives of NYC in here.
ID	4	I'm in tantra, anyone from kirki will know how sad this is, I'm drowning my sorrows ;)
ID	3	hm i'm happy but i want to join drama practice today !
ID	4	@JVB Thanks, I just found a article that say i cannot join you because i am in the UK though
ID	0	I hate horrible atmospheres, I pick them up so quick!  kisskiss xxxxxxxxxx
ID	1	I hate horrible atmospheres, I pick them up so quick!  kisskiss xxxxxxxxxx
ID	2	@ArtOfDying any chance you might come back to moncton? i had to miss the show tonight
ID	2	My birthday is on Wednesday. I'm too young to feel this old.
ID	2	I don't feel good
ID	2	@greentm what happened yesterday? but phone calls with unwell parents - yeah .. know how that goes ...  .. i have two of them now ... meh
ID	4	he was the reason i lived and now hes the reason im begging to die
ID	4	youtube not working
ID	2	@rickoshea whats up rick??
ID	2	Man! I need to make-up that $35 loss.. this is why I'm going to hustle this weekend AKA not going to have a nice, relaxing weekend.
ID	2	@ladyjori whaaaat what about your house? You've been working so hard on it!
ID	3	Still working in the database and trying to decide what I want to eat.
ID	4	i feel sad for you elizabeth.
ID	2	@SinsualDzires phone updated and she's got a camcorder on her phone now--mine hasn't updated chit  that ain't fair .
ID	2	It's a sad day when Christian Lacroix has to file for bankruptcy
ID	4	to the people i was txting... sorry phone is dead and i can't resurrect it.  hopefully verizon will replace it and i'll it back by tonight
ID	4	Dosen't Want To Go To Work Tomorrow
ID	2	@crescentdreams everything.  *weeps*
ID	2	feeling even worse today
ID	3	@NanaSuzee i'm on my mobile so it won't let me  but i can't stop thinking about you ;)x
ID	2	tomorrow should be good. but apparently no movies
ID	3	@wildcurl7888  Well, I still can't wait for the one shot.
ID	3	Damn. I had 11 goldfish.  Oh well, that's my dinner. Anyways! Check out my blog yoooo http://weaselbee.blogspot.com/
ID	2	AHHHHH I needa hurry up and shower before this &quot;HUGE&quot; storm hits
ID	3	I want Crimson Gem Saga.  I will just go play RF Guerilla demo repeatedly. I (Mission Failed - YOU DIED) so many times from dicking around
ID	4	Wish I could be heading to LA for E3.  *le sigh* Maybe someday.
ID	2	didn't get to see his movie!
ID	2	@mitchelmusso I'm never calling you again. Your phone is a scammer. It said I'm next and it hung up on me.  Now I can't get you.
ID	2	Am listening to Darren Hayes's Spin. Am talkin to my wacky friend who's going insane. I ain't at all tired and I'm messed up bout things.
ID	2	fml. i stepped on a needle.. ouch.. waaaaa  damn drycleaners
ID	2	wishes her love was coming home
ID	2	@ Barbs trying to figure out y the dsl aint connecting. I need my google. Going home to my computer if it don't start working soon. SMH
ID	2	the muscle in my back is cramping up, hurts so bad! owww
ID	2	@lyndygirl any suggestions on how to get rid of that lovely gasoline smell? As it is still in my car
ID	3	is sore from weight lifting  However, it's the good kind of sore that gives you man-boobs you can move with the power of your mind alone!
ID	2	Wonders why its so hard for me to concentrate...
ID	4	...No more adventure time
ID	4	i miss you
ID	4	Uggh everything, I'm sending you!!! I keep sending it to my Twitter. So I have to forward it to you!!! I suck at life
ID	3	@LisaSpangenberg sadly @Dawno isn't me. It's some1 w/ 1 follower 1 update &amp; hasn't used Twitter since May 1, '07  I wanted that name, too
ID	2	riding daddy's bike (yes a man's bike, very convenient! NOT) in the dark without glasses on. i was scared  but i survived HAHA
ID	2	@yelyahwilliams it could be a bad idea, Hayley
ID	2	@ladymaryann No news yet
ID	2	good night fellow Twitterati. back to work tomorrow
ID	3	Writing this paper is a lot harder then i thought . LOL
ID	2	I got battery acid in an open wound on my index finger  Fuck, it burned so much.
ID	2	@officialSPChuck did not understand anything you said
ID	2	still no date for bon iver next week
ID	0	@robluketic damn i always miss it
ID	1	@robluketic damn i always miss it
ID	2	still babysitting, i want another boost
ID	4	I got into a fight with the pavement. I think it won  poor little knee
ID	4	Had to stay home while my wife takes my daughter and a few friends out to Tokyo Steak House - sadly my body is not cooperating today
ID	3	excited for Jackie's baby shower tomorrow, going to relax and enjoy the weekend! Monday better not come fast
ID	2	My twitterberry doesn't work!
ID	4	This &quot;Monarchy&quot; is gonna bleed ALL of us dry! We are nothing more than slaves to the pigs in D.C. I don't reconize my country anymore!
ID	3	Saw the UCLA bookstore...now convinced that every single major university has a better bookstore than @ASU   Having fun so far!
ID	2	crazy kids won't nap!  I think it's the heat... and I still have to tell them that they can't go to Grandma's cuz she's sick
ID	2	@Gaylib1986 it was just areply on you facebook status that you were a little upset
ID	2	blip.fm is on it's last legs
ID	4	staying at home. unpacking!!!! crap!
ID	4	@summerkristine i want you to go walking with me!! but i still miss my satan
ID	2	ahh im getting really tired and ej isnt up yet! im might have to go to sleep without talking to her again
ID	2	Still feeling weird about my ex and her engagement.  My mom made things worse.  I don't even want her, but it's still odd
ID	3	I'm at the anime store iat rivercenter going crazy at all the Pokemon stuff. I wish I had money
ID	3	Jeff was right! Call of Duty pwns. Now i just gotta figure out what to do with this xtra copy of Wolvarine I bought earlier this week.
ID	4	I'm either always on the train or at work
ID	4	I have to go to work.
ID	3	Is too hot and tummy ache so can't sleep  lots of chem to do tomorro but at least bgt final to look forward to!
ID	2	being at work while sick blows! kill me. i feel like crap
ID	3	Was outside playing ball with dogs, now all hot and sweaty
ID	2	i'm sorry i'm neglecting you, twitter.
ID	3	@honk4peace Yes, we do love and miss you @ChubbyGayMan Others have told me privately too
ID	4	head hurt
ID	2	Wishing laying on my side wasn't the only comfortable position, I am tired of laying
ID	2	I've got to meet him tomorrow, midday and hopefully, fingers crossed, it'll all be sorted. My head is still hurting though.
ID	2	@Lujee #3aaah mosh 3aref a facebook any more
ID	4	@Impala_Guy Would luv to hear music too but im out of batteries - the tv plays besides but i think this is some kind of vampire movie
ID	2	im hangin out with my cousin holly and tlkin 2 my grandparents.......  my phone went dead
ID	2	@xsparkage imagine if you really were lost and lost all contact with DT!  that'd be the saddest day of my life haha
ID	4	1) Traffic is lame 2) No matter how hard I try I can't get anywhere on time   3) UP Movie!!!!! Yay!
ID	4	Its summer and no one has texted/called me. Im a loner
ID	3	Apparently Paige is partying with Rose Jenn and Adam again, without me   My child has such a wild imagination.  ;)
ID	4	Killer headache  I want my food to be here!
ID	2	I am not doing much  all well!
ID	2	@selenagomez don't leave us
ID	4	http://twitpic.com/67x7n - MISS THEM ALREADY
ID	4	Sad I missed @tylerhwilliams going away party due to too much work, but I really am gonna miss that kid
ID	4	slept in, missed bus, train delayed, doesn't stop at my stop, late for work. fucking heelllll
ID	0	Hates bleech!! Messed up my black outfit
ID	1	Hates bleech!! Messed up my black outfit
ID	2	My back hurts
ID	2	Well, I made the list look better, but I can't do anything about the number pictures, since I already closed that tab.
ID	4	why must the weather b so nice and then so bad all in 1 minute
ID	0	i have to poop...  @sleezye89 is hogging the shitter
ID	1	i have to poop...  @sleezye89 is hogging the shitter
ID	3	I bought two tops and a scarf yesterday...sister has successfully hijacked them this morning to wear to breakfast (after removing tags)
ID	2	7.53.  7 minutes till 8. This is not my best day.  I`m late for class again.
ID	4	can't find my trusty hair tie  My hair will spill all over the place when I run!Mom's bands doesn't work for me,normal ones hurt.(((
ID	3	@laurabolger Lol what do you mean? I thought you were going to London for it? xD and it is yea  Xx
ID	3	wishing Ro was feeling better
ID	4	ugh gone through 2 new phones and now my screen is black, which means no texting
ID	2	@OfficialRyChris *waving* you wanna come get Diablo, he barked so much til he made himself sick
ID	2	Ok.....Twitter is not near as exciting as I thought it would be!
ID	2	i do indeed have tonsillitis. the only good thing: ive been advised to eat lots of ice cream. [but no solid foods  &amp; im bed ridden.]
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/67x8k - WITH MY FRIENDS WERE IN OUR WORK
ID	4	My mouth hurts. Wish I could cut my head off
ID	3	it's sooo warm
ID	4	selling my drumset  sad day
ID	3	today was GOOD  , that little girl hollie in bgt , just me or complete sympahty vote  ! how cute is aidan davis :L? tweet me  x
ID	3	@bztak1020 actually, my friend gave me the files today! lol but those are all CDA files... do u know how to convert them to MP3?
ID	4	omg, NO ICECREAM
ID	4	@SimpleMia Yes. Need to listen to sad SP-Songs
ID	3	Hey #YEG !!!!! Anyone goin to the Edmonton Energy game and wanna do some live updates? PLEASE!!!! They dont post live scores
ID	4	I got up early to pay bills. I figured its like a bandaid if I get it over quickly it won't be so bad... I was wrong
ID	2	@LULuwanderlust whatever don't make me feel bad!  ill bring you a surprise
ID	2	@kericontrary not  you, me, just drank too much.
ID	2	@iCharlotte My original non-Yahoo acc. was deleted when they got bought-out  But it's not too bad, I don't receive any Yahoo-spam from it.
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/54khn - I am very sad. They cut down my Pink Tree. I noticed it when I left today to get Betos
ID	2	dont wanna go to mississppi!!!!!!!! UGH!! texas is my home..... UPSET!!!
ID	2	bummed about the softball loss 0-1   These girls are so good at only 12!
ID	3	@_everblue She actually posted again to say that it was the 2nd and not the 4th, so nevermind.
ID	4	7pm on a Fri night &amp; I'm sitting at home alone...
ID	4	OOUCHHHH I just pinched my own nipple by accident trying to fix my top
ID	2	@verwon nice .. I can't ever get that from my ex!
ID	4	lost some $ at work....nt happy right now    --SLOANSTER--
ID	2	@jimwtodd I don't know! She never answered me
ID	4	Not feelin right. Hope the feeling passes. Stupid stomach.
ID	2	i wanna go home
ID	4	Xfiles disc doesn't work.. Rippin
ID	4	really sick and tired but my body's resisting rest!
ID	4	@BuddyTV Excited about the new Pushing Daisies episodes but it makes it that much worse.  I had finally gotten over the cancellation.
ID	2	@inkyoctopus I always forget SOMETHING when I travel. I am at Newark airport.
ID	2	Marley crying for more ball throwing....keeps eying me through the door
ID	4	UP is the saddest movie i've ever seen
ID	3	Not going to Suffolk tomorrow.   However, now MB &amp; I are planning a picnic on the Mall with friends Neil &amp; Jodi.
ID	2	Life is over! Just went to get tickets for all time low, sold out  anyone got spares or wanna sell me theirs?
ID	2	I'm miserable with my boredom.
ID	2	blehhh i feel poopie. i have a fever and my whole body hurtssss   FML
ID	4	@1045CHUMFM Oh ok,Thanks.Dont know where the courthouse id either,I'll learn though.Any nkotb? Twitter stole my pic again  it hates me
ID	2	@ddrdiva @laurapasik @that70sgrl I've always been a ppl person just hid behind bad self confidence for 2 long  u can do anything!
ID	4	My computer dies soon  - its so much virus on it but my virus scanner  cant find it :S
ID	4	I think i am getting a cold
ID	2	@Stace3811 I'm sorry you aren't having a good day.  cheer up though, your day doesn't define you...
ID	2	Missing my baby ducks
ID	2	lied last weekend when she said she wouldn't get upset, just an FYI.
ID	2	in a very stress mood
ID	2	Any Windows 7 users out there have any tips on how to make the default install NOT take up 15GB??  I knew it would be big, but srsly...
ID	2	@selenagomez  noo Selena i really wanted to see you soo badly im your biggest fan dont make me cry
ID	2	@starletta8 Oh that's too bad.  Do you just get sick when there's too much heat? I do
ID	4	@angelicaaa workies with dad?  aw that sucks working on saturday morning. I'm about to study, when are your exams?
ID	4	@RealLifeKaz we cant come toniiiite !! arggh i want to tho  have fun for uss. well def see u 2morrow nite tho!
ID	2	Okay haileys really gone now.  everyone keep her in your prayers.
ID	2	can't school just be done already? it hurts too much... seeing him every day
ID	2	WTF? Twitter doesnt support messages from my phone -I wanted to be able to Twit while on vacay.   Poo on you Twitter
ID	4	I'm very upset right now, like I can't even formulate a complete thought....
ID	2	@charmand3r oh no!  I hope you get on soon! &lt;3 I miss you and I can't wait to see you again.
ID	4	@Tracybelle I'd hang with you, but... Tennessee.
ID	2	im wearing a certain tye dye tshirt at the moment. and it misses its 8 counterparts...
ID	4	really ill atm
ID	2	* My besties. If only @ddlovato was there.  on Twitpic: http://twitpic.com/67hac - My besties. If only @ddlova.. http://twitpic.com/67hac
ID	4	131 miles away
ID	3	Standing ovation for Wieters. Nobody was sitting down. Insane. Hit into double play though
ID	2	@BrittneyCash Shame about your job  have you thought about working for yourself?  there's big money to be paid http://bit.ly/1864ml
ID	2	@charlieskies am i too late for a cuppa?
ID	4	going to a work people party then going home to visit Grandma. Sadness
ID	3	@susansediqe soooo over ppl telling me they went to the tonite show!!!  Ive had dreams of meeting him  I'm embarrassd of that a lil LOL
ID	0	first day of summer sucks!!!! its overcast and cold...  this isn't summer!?!?!?!?
ID	1	first day of summer sucks!!!! its overcast and cold...  this isn't summer!?!?!?!?
ID	3	At natalies just finished work. Had the most AMAZING peanut butter sandwhich EVER. &lt;3333 I miss your faceeee
ID	0	tell chris to stop making fun of lizzie
ID	1	tell chris to stop making fun of lizzie
ID	2	Well this is just lovely.  I am completely flattened by a back injury.  There goes the weekend.
ID	4	Poor @IMissBradAndJen 's mom just told her she looked like a hooker.  The skirt wasn't THAT short, and it's 87 degrees out!
ID	3	@chris_shields06 good job!  I wish i worked in a zoo
ID	2	Woa NOBODY is inside the movie theater... Its termenator ppl shud be in here... Scary
ID	3	Doing homework and then going to bed, have to leave at 6:50 tomorrow morning for work  and then i wont be off till 6
ID	2	grrh my phone (brand new might i add) keep just switching itself off and others are saying theirs does the same
ID	4	Boyfriend is out with friends tonight. Don't know what to do with my evening
ID	4	about to start my least favourite chore.... mopping the floor
ID	2	@vmarinelliRVA Parvo sucks. So sorry pup has it.  I lost a puppy to parvo many moons back. Still sad over it. Hope he's better soon
ID	4	poor bretty.  but yay phils
ID	2	going to look at a bunch of open homes today. just to get a feel for the market. i think i've got a lot of saving to do...
ID	3	Watching &quot;P.S. I love you&quot;. Eating chinese food. What else is there to do when you're home alone on a Friday night!
ID	2	Today was good but some people have friday attitudes...not good
ID	4	my back hurts  have a heating pad on it... stupid ladder y did you have to collapse and make me fall on my back/bum???
ID	0	@DJLisaFoxx Ouch. I used to hate it when I did that  (And then there are the irate callers who were trying to record, getting p***ed, etc)
ID	1	@DJLisaFoxx Ouch. I used to hate it when I did that  (And then there are the irate callers who were trying to record, getting p***ed, etc)
ID	2	My poor little 7mth old was taken to hospital yesterday. We are syringe feeding him at home because he doesn't want to drink.
ID	2	Gah... why is my Macbook Pro getting so frickin' hot just sitting on the table doing nothing?
ID	0	Ugh! Plane delayed due to weather!  Stuck with another hour to kill.  http://twitpic.com/67xs0
ID	1	Ugh! Plane delayed due to weather!  Stuck with another hour to kill.  http://twitpic.com/67xs0
ID	2	oh no.... please... dont do that to yourself again
ID	4	damn...plans were canceled.....another friday night at home
ID	2	wow, 5 pm rolled around really fast. I accomplished only one thing on my to do list today...
ID	4	just goy back from a day of tests at the hospital. going to start chemo on monday
ID	4	cant believe ER is all over
ID	4	wants to go see street dreams but it's not playing anywhere near here
ID	2	@DSTheStar1121 REALLY?? oh.. sorry yall  lol
ID	2	My saying now  http://bctiny.com/po4me
ID	4	There is a MacBook Pro sitting close by and my poor MacBook is ashamed with it's plastic face and sides...
ID	2	@xx_Megan_xx Thats all i've seen too   5 till 7 is the 2 hours I normally sleep so I missed it :mad: haha
ID	2	Working on a Friday night
ID	4	@JonathanRKnight understands you it's long the 6 hour
ID	4	Big Sad Face   Bing doesn't work on iPhone.  It just takes you to the regular mobile Live search.
ID	4	@natbubba yeah, totally unfair.  we should just. FLAME THEM EVERYWHERE
ID	2	I'm so freaking afraid that once again I've managed to stick my foot in my mouth and scare yet another person off . . .
ID	2	going 2 watch Dogtown, hope it's not too sad!
ID	0	In pain,, poor me, I HATE THE SUN
ID	1	In pain,, poor me, I HATE THE SUN
ID	2	Just found out that Anne's brother died unexpectedly - he was only 44.  Warm thoughts going out to her family...
ID	3	i wanna move back to Pennsylvania
ID	3	moved the first load of stuff into @cjloe's garage for storage.. now for round two..   me and guys move into our new place on Monday!
ID	4	well movie night spoilt by fracked up disk-happiness gone, so time for sleep
ID	4	@TheStoryStarts nothing aimed at you, just joining in...sorry
ID	4	@theREALGiftedNJ yeah it is
ID	3	night night twits! im so glad I will be waking up to a saturday off work!! printer has broke though
ID	2	Is in bed not able to sleep  bloody bipolar!
ID	2	I dont believe in my eyes or should I say on my browser? OMG OMG OMG
ID	2	i miss my old phone it worked so good until i dropped it  i want a new one for my birthday...
ID	3	Launching fitness video blog with @kimidreams next week, featuring Polar watches, can't afford @bodybugg 's 6 weeks, video every day!
ID	2	@Haunt1013 Sorry RB is on PS3 for me
ID	4	Thank you Google for your Adsense Payment.  If only the Aussie dollar wasn't as strong
ID	2	@Cowbelly I really want to!! But it's one of my few free weekends that month and am booking clients  Mama needs to make money.
ID	4	@mpellegrini hurts to be you! Sunshine all weekend and you don't get to play. That's sad.
ID	4	Has been a long day - Matinee and evening show. Will be sad tomorrow: last ever Welsh College show
ID	4	@TroublePandaPR Ok that's not true! Plus, you're insulting me saying that I'm insulting you! I've been trying to cheer you up. Butnada
ID	4	Hitting up a bar or two most people being lame tonight
ID	3	super frustrated, and taking it out on the one's I love!   I love you, Paul!
ID	2	Grass fed beef burgers with sauteed mushrooms and cheddar on wheat buns along with a salad. Yum. Poor Kim still isn't feeling well
ID	2	Still sick  bout to play some ps3 till the laker game starts
ID	2	i will be without an assistant for the next week
ID	2	Startin to get a head ache!!!! Uuuggghh!!!
ID	2	busy working on a new kit... and a couple interviews done...Yea! The weekend! Pray for my Uncle, still young and had a massive stroke!!
ID	2	I don't want to sit at home on prom night. Someone hang out with me
ID	2	Printing from Opera gives me a much better result (but printing to PDF it names it _stdin_.pdf) - always gotta compromise
ID	4	@ohhhbeka PS: Wish I were coming tonight.
ID	2	i get a message that my account is suspended as far as i know i haven't violated any terms contacting twitter now..
ID	2	@dorr did some research, but couldn't find the specific thing which i wanna do with this drive's autorun
ID	4	my ipod died  not running until it is charged.
ID	3	I need a nap, but I won't be getting one
ID	2	@hookedonheat what was it? I missed it.
ID	0	@Zaraa_x ah that's annoying
ID	1	@Zaraa_x ah that's annoying
ID	3	going away party at ambers  road trip tomorrow!
ID	2	@lomara It was a lot of stress, though, so with that and supporting two big families he never quit smoking and died of lung cancer at 51.
ID	0	I spoke too soon, a nasty thunderstorm just came out of nowhere..I got soaked making a quick run to the store!!
ID	1	I spoke too soon, a nasty thunderstorm just came out of nowhere..I got soaked making a quick run to the store!!
ID	2	zzzzz.. best friend going to europe in a few hours  .. i'm gonna miss her! hope she has fun though
ID	4	@superstarnikki its just one of those days....
ID	2	@Lindsay_007 so I tried to send you a direct message and I can't because you aren't following me
ID	2	@ermadea sorry about your sadness   nitenite love
ID	2	back home from shopping. putting stuff away and waiting for nets friend to come over. I guess I'll have to put my pants back on
ID	2	damn im so bummed out right now....nobody loves me
ID	4	As it turns out I do NOT get to go see The Decemberists...
ID	3	City Dippin iz u fun, so much eye candy out here...I remember y I miss  LOL
ID	3	@Sabrina1989 I thought it was a simple one  I found it hilarious.
ID	3	Weekends are Great....if you don't have to work them.
ID	3	i was so bored i decided to iron all my baju sklh. thn i realized i hate doing tht. so all i did was iron a sleeve HAHAHA. im off to schl
ID	4	@EP31 I have that problem with adult shirts too. It's so annoying since a lot of adult player shirts don't come in kid sizes
ID	0	@FallenStar1 Get out.
ID	1	@FallenStar1 Get out.
ID	2	Wake Up..... Please.
ID	2	@gawhatafeeling Ooooh, I'm jealous  I might try and get some for the saturday but I have an exam on the monday that Im gonna fail
ID	0	Hey @jerrymontano!  @secrettweet is mainly depressing!  It's all these people who are cheating or don't love each other anymore
ID	1	Hey @jerrymontano!  @secrettweet is mainly depressing!  It's all these people who are cheating or don't love each other anymore
ID	4	wants to hear his voice
ID	4	Looks like my Twitter is down
ID	4	@mitchelmusso i can't call you cause my portable sais that this number not excist  i want so much to talk to you
ID	2	@moozmum aw i'm sorry  i was rooting for you just to let you know!
ID	3	@mralphafreak seems like working.. rofl - sadly money is not growing on a tree
ID	2	Fender is hiding under the couch ... he knows I'm getting ready to leave and he isn't happy about it
ID	4	only 1 person online on MSN. I feel lonely
ID	4	i going to go to bed &amp; i failed miserably at booking a holiday  although i do seem to have a new follower. HIGH FIVE. X
ID	4	@mannyishere awww hes too cute!!wish i could've gone
ID	2	Trying to go to sleep but no luck  I think i'm sick... =S
ID	3	last few hours in singapore!!  i don't want to leave!!!!!
ID	2	@mathewsanders Floor mopping sounds unappealing
ID	2	homework...boring
ID	2	This is not fair... bath again....
ID	2	today was such a horrible dayy
ID	4	@fizzythoughts  Boo for being at work during #beatwittyparty but at least you're still here!
ID	4	it's gloomy outside
ID	0	Sometimes black girls just piss me off like a mother fucker!
ID	1	Sometimes black girls just piss me off like a mother fucker!
ID	2	@killerannax oh no!  i'm sorry. at least you'll still be able to buy regular tickets and not worry about limits?
ID	2	is nervous about getting a house out in town
ID	2	@sullivancc14 haha I really don't but I'm going to this workshop at school next week. Are you going? Plus my car is broken right now
ID	3	@lindyhot lol.. usually i always do.. not bn too well tho  how old r ur kids?
ID	2	Things that happened today:  My younger brother ran over one of our dogs. Yeah. I know.  She's going to have surgery this weekend.
ID	4	(that was a  btw -_-)
ID	2	@LisaMongold I know.  I have such guilt associated with picking winners.
ID	4	@stacyday Yeah, Trimet says it's a 1hr trip, I get home at 6:30/6:45-ish, so we'd arrive just as everyone was leaving.
ID	3	@penny2dear right my fellow fluffy flasher! I must go to bed, sorry  I hope everything is working properly 2moro and we can chat! love u x
ID	3	@dnbchik ohhh that cant be very fun    but hell you manned it up!!   looks like you got some shit done today!!
ID	3	i want Anoop to wish me Happy Birthday
ID	2	my head hurts....
ID	3	@isabelauribeee that's not good to hear!  i hope everything is fine..i will keep you &amp; your family in prayer! I LOVE YOU ISABELA URIBE
ID	0	@c0oki3 u think u have bills Ha!Ii just finished paying mine that's y I'm broke
ID	1	@c0oki3 u think u have bills Ha!Ii just finished paying mine that's y I'm broke
ID	3	Writers:&quot;They just make me wonder,why are you foisting all the little pipe dreams stories in your head onto other people?&quot; I like writing
ID	3	@fattireale75 cup cakes are sooo yummy - but would have 2 have coffee chaser- u know where that can lead
ID	2	is on allegra, flonase and a steroid inhaler for the rest of the allergy season. throat still hurts from the asthma
ID	2	I wish I had more followers on twitter
ID	3	I suck dick
ID	0	o damn i just accidentally listened to rick ross
ID	1	o damn i just accidentally listened to rick ross
ID	0	We bought a pool instead of going to California. Now the pool is broken and we have wasted our vacation money for the next 2-3 years.
ID	1	We bought a pool instead of going to California. Now the pool is broken and we have wasted our vacation money for the next 2-3 years.
ID	4	@retrodiva I WISH I could be in bed by nine once in a while. I never make it in before 3-4 a.m.  #sleepdeprived. Doing too much.
ID	2	is spending her Saturday morning taking notes for a research essay because some stupid whore recalled the book I'm using. Not fair
ID	0	And I want you to shut the fuck up.... I really hate living with my step dad. =-\ I can't wait to move out...
ID	1	And I want you to shut the fuck up.... I really hate living with my step dad. =-\ I can't wait to move out...
ID	3	oh i hate the rain... and septa... and leaving my dog
ID	4	@gasfreecommute -i'd love to be able to bike/bus/walk to work, but it isn't safe in my area
ID	2	STILL NOT DONE WITH PAYROLL. was supposed to be off at 4:30. i have a headache
ID	3	I'll probably have better photos up later today. Took some picks with my big camera too. Camera phone = blury camera
ID	4	@selenagomez AWWWW  we're gonna miss you!
ID	4	I feel sorry for my bestie  good luck ali!
ID	3	Dayum, tweets r coming fast, so likely missing a lot.    Plz DM, k?  Oh, is @rod_stewart 4 real?
ID	2	zoombezi bay was soooo fun!! buuuut my legs are soooooo sunburnt
ID	4	jungle book 2 is sooooo cute.. i have nothing to eat or drink
ID	4	Got rocks. And found my car got birdied this evening.
ID	4	@Crimsondreamer no bueno.  hollykins needs to feel better asap.  p.s. i miss you.  you done with uni soon aren't you?  SOPROUDOFYOU.
ID	3	the plan was to take a nap (yea I'm still feeling last night) then go watch lakers game smwhere fun. looking like no nap
ID	4	I heard an icecream truck and took of like a shot but I couldn't catch it.
ID	3	@strawbleu Sounds like a useful tip, I most certainly need some stability after this week
ID	2	at my lil sis 8th grade graduation....i already kno dis is gonna last all my life
ID	2	@ehuffty i can't believe i missed the brewcast.
ID	2	Oh my Lord, I have no idea if any of this crap I spout is getting to anyone
ID	4	@FLucio I'm a jerk...  now I can't go out    Dammit Frank, why do I suck so bad?
ID	2	Looks like I got a defective MacBook
ID	2	@PeterPolaco signin autographs would be boring I think! Get wasted 2nite! Have fun! I'm stuck at work
ID	2	@hardertospell why don't you have that song you gave me that song
ID	2	my car is broke
ID	4	Aw, Zach wasn't feeling well  Hope he gets better. So babysitting was canceled.
ID	3	@CirqueLasVegas 2nd ticket has to be for the same show, though, right?  No good for a solo traveler to Vegas.
ID	2	arrgghhhggguuuiiissshhhh no idea what to do for this modern assignement....  Burma or Cuba???? eeeep help!
ID	3	@selenagomez aww, we will miss you.  At least you get to go home right?
ID	4	Had a pretty good day. Let's see how the night goes. ;-) oh I have to work all day tomorrow no picnic for me
ID	0	hopes whoever stole my purse and money gets what is coming to them
ID	1	hopes whoever stole my purse and money gets what is coming to them
ID	0	@TJmodeling That sucks majorly...hhhmmmnnn...I'm thinking...I would've said the self tanner or a really good concealer...I'm stuck
ID	1	@TJmodeling That sucks majorly...hhhmmmnnn...I'm thinking...I would've said the self tanner or a really good concealer...I'm stuck
ID	4	@AwkwardTown fuck! I'm already thinking about all the shows I'm going to have to miss because I'm broke.
ID	2	sooo im 20 n im just now findin out i have asthma
ID	2	last day of volleyball miss everyone already. Oh well, banquet on 10th hopefully everyones gonna be there
ID	2	@knw3 I watched it all online. http://www.musicistheheartofoursoul.com/search/label/Niptuck has the last 8 episodes of S5
ID	2	@Mszjai nvm i just got ur message that ur sick
ID	2	Last Heroes ep until Sept  Sick &amp; drugged for past 3 days. Dr says lacking in everything, esp -get this- SUNSHINE.
ID	4	@dougreport how can I read the Floyd article says it's private
ID	2	Love how my printer decided to print all my blacks all marbled - 1hr before an interview for new work this morning.
ID	4	is confused &amp; sad. oh no here comes the &quot;sweets&quot;, to cheer me up
ID	2	@mitchelmusso I wish I would have called you. but unfortunatly, call the US from Scotland is a bit expensive  Gutted! &lt;3
ID	4	tonights been boring!
ID	4	Am I old? Pub kickin out time is whey too late, I'm stinkered:-/. Got the cubs tomorrow too  I'm gonna suffer !
ID	2	noone wants to talk to me  lol
ID	4	i so can't be bothered working tomorrow!
ID	2	@mneylon I don't know what that means, sorry
ID	3	I need a bear hug  and Im going to camp today!!
ID	2	awake sadly        seeing Leon today !
ID	4	Im Slowing on My Tweets..Cuase I Lost My Phone
ID	3	Rachel Alexandra not in Belmont   but appearing in Vogue.  Best looking model they've had in years.
ID	2	I wish I didn't have to work two jobs
ID	0	College work sucks so much!
ID	1	College work sucks so much!
ID	2	Too tired
ID	4	It's friday and I'd love to party, but don't have a sitter.
ID	4	Waiting for the Denver game to come on.. but i dont think their gonna win it  Lakers suck lol :p
ID	2	#myweawkness chocolate...i can't say no
ID	2	just woke up still fukin sick
ID	3	@bkkrakora ew, i used to get &quot;suicides&quot; in high school and mix like 5 sodas together. then drink it. i think i remember enjoying it, too.
ID	2	sigh, my sisters bein strange.. she came all the way from copenhagen to london, and now her phones turned off.. i wanna see her dammit
ID	2	@laurenbreslin aww i know its my addiction!   awww i know sameee  !  its just more more more !
ID	2	@SaraJayXXX OMG .. my memory must have failed me! Very weird since I do not normally forget because of my profession!
ID	4	Cleaned four bathrooms this afternoon....(yes, go ahead and feel sorry for me...lol)....mine are still waiting for my attention
ID	2	@SweetThang15 Aww  Yeah I feel you. I know its hard.
ID	4	@ev I'm trying really hard not to hate you.
ID	2	@torie007 yeah, and now you live in the 'hood! I never would have thunk it  What's up with these shootings in Belmont Shore?? Sheesh.
ID	4	Booo my best friend is leavin for the weekend. What ever will I do without her??
ID	4	@triniaguirre i miss you  !!!! ??
ID	2	stopped at the store to pick up some items and debit card is missing
ID	4	confused, angry, anxious and on top of everything LONELY
ID	2	help! anyone know if there are stores that carry blackberry trackballs? just went to verizon retailer; no luck. do not want to order one
ID	2	taking Willy to the specialist...poor dog! He has to get a CT scan cos he can't walk properly atm
ID	2	@tmjassociation y does it hurt so much? i can't even chew gum.  i've lost so much weight because i can't even eat
ID	4	@ss1271 yes, that's what I meant... I don't have anything to turn it into Hirigana, though.
ID	2	@RealGrace my @Bonnaroo tix are in limbo....as usual  #UPSsucks
ID	0	@niqa86 Yes bb  There are actually 2 of them, but the other one I don't really give a shit about.
ID	1	@niqa86 Yes bb  There are actually 2 of them, but the other one I don't really give a shit about.
ID	2	At subway. Not feeling good
ID	0	@DrPostALot  sucks
ID	1	@DrPostALot  sucks
ID	4	i miss him  ALOT but im not gonna talk to him, i HOPE
ID	3	@kayteemick  Joe and I loveee you.
ID	4	Why are embossers so expensive? Can I do get one on the cheap? Trying to save 75%. Papersource order goes in TONIGHT. Sry bank account
ID	2	@nathanblevins Ouch. I won't be down in Miami tomorrow morning. That sucks  It's a cruise? Are you driving back the next Saturday?
ID	4	Grandma Caminker passed away today.  She will be missed, but may she rest in peace.
ID	2	Too many cocktails last night, my head hurts
ID	4	UGH. why is it so hard to upload a picture on twitter?
ID	3	@MariaV_ST vaca!! buuu sigo en el work
ID	3	@JammieAdams No you are not having my favorite drink without me  lol
ID	4	Just saw a dooope bmw 6 series parked with the top back....to bad it was raining
ID	2	Is losing money in Vegas...
ID	4	Sh t, I'm getting even more sad. I'm currently at the library and j think it'll be the last one tooooo
ID	2	Its been a slow day at home, one of my kids is sick  .  This little picture cheered me up http://is.gd/JrLa
ID	2	here comes the storm.....ackkkk
ID	2	Why isnt my internet working
ID	3	@giselle2323 - Hopefully he won't discover all of my soap opera tweets.
ID	2	@shereemcfly09 ooh thats an early start  ive got bed planned for that time..ha..LoveYouJonesy XxX
ID	2	So sad that Aki is out for the rest of the season!
ID	4	upset.. friday night crying!
ID	2	Wishing I could see N*E*R*D headline @ Fest at DePaul tonight
ID	3	I need words of inspiration  where's @iamdiddy and @RevRunWisdom when you need them??
ID	2	wants to go home and see Erin
ID	2	I have no one to go to the spring show with
ID	2	@ZAmmi *hugs*  I'm so sorry.. anything I can do?
ID	0	@ForrestTheCat awww, I hates it wen families are brokun up by humuns. Maybee you see him agin wun day.
ID	1	@ForrestTheCat awww, I hates it wen families are brokun up by humuns. Maybee you see him agin wun day.
ID	2	@BonjourHoney Guilt trips, feeling sick, pressure. stress and too much drama
ID	4	trying to fix my sister's ipod  then phoenix tomorrow morning at 445am! hopefully i'll actually get to play this tournament. stupid fence.
ID	2	Not legally old enough  to get a summer job outside of babysitting.
ID	2	Working too hard.    At least graduations are over.
ID	2	just said goodbye to the younger bro.  #misshimalready
ID	4	@Mattshiloh Unfortunately your fix didn't work..   Oh well, I'm lovin' me some PeopleBrowsr anyways!
ID	0	@BraveMaiden I don't get as much time here either. It's going to get worse now that the girls r home for summer.  It stinks.
ID	1	@BraveMaiden I don't get as much time here either. It's going to get worse now that the girls r home for summer.  It stinks.
ID	2	@nicolacrossley. Tickets, i need my tickets, where are my tickets. i want my ticketttttss
ID	2	The underwire in my bra is sticking out and poking me in the armpit
ID	0	when i fell on my ass today i ripped my blue volcom boxers
ID	1	when i fell on my ass today i ripped my blue volcom boxers
ID	3	@Linooo Ahhh!  I knowww! I saw it May 5th and 6th in Newcastle and it was so good!!! I'm soo excited for 6th June, as its my bday aswell!
ID	2	i fear the spaceship is not long for this earth. it just stranded me and edwin on the highway. there was smoke
ID	4	Some things are better left unsaid . Its better if only i know
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/67ykt - We are losing so far.....
ID	4	says our power went out...which RARELY ever happens...and i hadn't saved my sims game in a while.  http://plurk.com/p/x334f
ID	4	@BunnyBridget I would LOVE to learn trapeze! I've wanted to do that since I was a kid. Sadly, there's no place where I live that teaches
ID	2	its weird how thinking about may 2nd totally changed my crappy mood to happiness...i miss @honorsociety so much
ID	4	Livin on ur own iznt nice at all. I miss my mum
ID	4	Oh my ex / room mate is moving out today
ID	2	own 2nit but i cant go.
ID	0	aww dude.. no fair. i thought that was the point of this thing
ID	1	aww dude.. no fair. i thought that was the point of this thing
ID	2	to save my heart I think Imma let go! I can see myself getting hurt with you!
ID	4	@TomCopestake  I'm sorry. You'll get there don't worry, one day at a time.  We should 'hang' when you're done.
ID	2	Waiting for the Denver game to come on.. but i dont think their gonna win it  Lakers suck lol :p.... Come on Denver!!
ID	2	@imlostinbooks It's up now, @Vasilly and @Devourerofbooks won.  Sorry
ID	3	Wow, its hot and miserable. People are probably killing themselves right about now...
ID	3	@staaceeyy weeooow, i feel fat.... i remember when i used to weigh that much  pfffffffffffffffffffffftttttttt long time ago, hahaha
ID	2	@JuliaBronwyn I accidently dropped it &amp; now the screen is all messed
ID	4	I get an instant sad face when I see a little kid lose their balloon
ID	2	i dont noe what to eat for breakfast hmmmmmmm im so hungry
ID	3	Kristen i miss you
ID	4	@davidmihm Please no more tweet-memes
ID	4	So tired and I have 17 hours to work tomorrow
ID	4	chick fil a for dinner. Hopefully I feel better. My head and eyes are killing me
ID	2	Restoring my iPod touch seemed like euthanasia to me. I was willingly killing it.
ID	3	How did Day 26 go from a good budget video (imma put it on her) to such a low budget video (Stadium Music) The end may be near for them
ID	2	My mom has annoyed the living crap outta me, so now we're on AOL Radio, looking for Brooks &amp; Dunn.
ID	3	Feeeel like ima die! Now on my way to rainforest.  !! I need a girls spa day ASAP!
ID	4	More depressed ty very much!!!
ID	4	headaches are dumb.
ID	2	Golfing ended early
ID	2	Hate to break every1's heart but confirmation jus came in that Austin &amp; Sophia do NOT &amp; never had a twitter  another sad day!!
ID	2	St joe is dirty.
ID	3	Setting up bookmarks on my new Blackberry Curve. Now anyone from work can get ahold of me at anytime!
ID	2	@vmarinelliRVA I am so so sorry to hear that he has parvo. Good vibes comming your way.
ID	3	Sushi w/ @ryan888 well cooked veggie for preggo me  now onto Trolley Car birthday party on McKinney Ave. I actially feel awake for once!
ID	4	@donttreeriddle Oh noes!! Melted ice cream = do not want.
ID	2	layenn down,uughh dunt feel well
ID	2	It just occured to me..... tonight is Cheri's Prom Night......I was suppose to go with her...... 970 miles makes that kind of difficult.
ID	0	soooo fed up with this
ID	1	soooo fed up with this
ID	4	missing someonee...
ID	4	My arms hurt
ID	4	OMG how sad is The Royle Family where Nana dies  I am sobbing!!!! :*( it's the saddest thing I've ever watched
ID	4	@MyInnerCougar Sorry your day was so bad   Gettin the drink on, good plan!
ID	3	@Wonder33Woman Yes I did see Mitch Hedberg and the whole floss thing.  He's hilarious.  I &lt;3 him.  Poor guy
ID	4	Omnomnom    JUST came online to 69 unread emails, as well as my backlog from yesterday  http://tinyurl.com/lxjdjc
ID	4	[H]ouse starts on Sunday and I'm sad as I can't afford Sky,
ID	4	@RVDS dammit i wanted to ask you about someone who i might be shooting but cant remember her name now
ID	2	is watching &quot;Wall Street&quot;, and realizing that since it is on a movie channel she won't get a potty break
ID	3	@ktml nice work buying coda dude! It's a great app! Unfortunately, I bought it when it was the full $99USD  #jealous
ID	2	GRRRR!!! It's BACK!!!!! And what I mean is my headache  But on the *       *        bright side....it's only on one side!!!! /\/\/\/\/\
ID	4	@norasake Sadly no. It didn't come with one...
ID	2	@framolamdu omg what a shame about Hollie,just watched that clip u posted
ID	2	Suffering from  Hemorrhoids.
ID	4	@KSegIII  my cousins moved there like 2 years ago and I miss them so much. I was just looking at their facebook and now im sad
ID	3	@tarraxo I'm not sure.  Btw, YAY FOR WICKED TICKETS! That's awesome! When are you going?
ID	0	Just rang the irish one. Drunk. Must confiscate phone.  hate him lots.
ID	1	Just rang the irish one. Drunk. Must confiscate phone.  hate him lots.
ID	2	also I managed to ink half more page. unfortunately page 006 will totally suck, but at least I tried hard before I decided to move on
ID	3	best show of my life. mcfly rocks my world  i wanna meet you guys ;;
ID	0	@iamcheerbear I know  It fucking sucks. anyway you can get a fake id or something?
ID	1	@iamcheerbear I know  It fucking sucks. anyway you can get a fake id or something?
ID	2	@VWayne noo sorry my love...after that i'm going to pop about 7 zyrtec and go to sleep
ID	2	No waterfront anymore   faccia luna and clarendon will have to do
ID	4	Going to bed watching a bit of qi. Wake up tomorrow to face the start of my last summer in bath. Bit gutted atm to be home
ID	4	study study study.  What fun on a Saturday.
ID	4	Stupid shopping bags left a red mark on my arm
ID	2	@dictums honey perhaps some medicine? i feel bad for you? do you have fever?
ID	0	I'm Twitter dumb. Just saw my &quot;@thecraftpantry.com&quot; &amp; all the kind folks who've tweeted me. AH!So sorry, I'm not ignoring you, just SLOW.
ID	1	I'm Twitter dumb. Just saw my &quot;@thecraftpantry.com&quot; &amp; all the kind folks who've tweeted me. AH!So sorry, I'm not ignoring you, just SLOW.
ID	2	@sxtxixtxcxh @b0r3d13 but they're hungryyyyyy
ID	3	did not get to go see UP!! Oh well ended up going to dinner with Blase and Bridget!
ID	3	home=san diego, why did the san jose weather fallow me
ID	0	just camee back from bowling, which i offiacial suck at
ID	1	just camee back from bowling, which i offiacial suck at
ID	2	I ran over a turtle.
ID	4	not a very good day at the house
ID	4	really tired. and have to work the whole day tomorrow, the thought of it depresses me.  uncoooool....
ID	2	@deegirl825 you're just unhappy to return to occupying the same city as me  I am cry now too.
ID	4	@AwkwardTown I know. I think I'm going to have to miss it, though.  This is when sacrificing money for job happiness sucks ass.
ID	2	@mitchelmusso, i called your say naw and got a voicemail for a guy named shannon...
ID	2	@BullyOSullivan sorry to hear that.
ID	4	Played a show tonight @ Chinnerys, southend. Snapped my guitar strap, ripped off the strings then threw my guitar across the stage...
ID	3	@dino2gnt Yeah, I'm getting ready to go get pizza. Then nothing to do  Maybe @hazard_2gnt will want to play Xbox.
ID	3	@firebird06 ya I just NEVER play it...I'm basically only using my PS3 these days
ID	4	@StanGill Uh.... what does that mean?
ID	2	@anthonyamor hey member when we were better friends then you and anthony. That was pretty sweet ha. Way to be a trader for the weiner.
ID	0	@KrissyJill fuck.  It's only in Canada right now.
ID	1	@KrissyJill fuck.  It's only in Canada right now.
ID	2	I'm nervous... I hope I get in... this could be a costly mistake... more like procrastination and assumption...
ID	4	sitting around doing fuck all....tired
ID	4	so bored...miss everybody already
ID	2	I miss Vermont
ID	4	@rodmcnasty000  I miss you
ID	4	@MyroneTadrid  aw her latest &quot; selenagomezLast day of shooting... Goodbye Canada. &quot;
ID	4	It just had to rain on me almost a perfect day now my clothes are wet
ID	3	@soxdeepinstatic  i know, i would've liked to have been able to play with you all spring semester  meeting was good, just an introduction
ID	2	i dont feel very good
ID	2	@alilje why do you say that i'm a dick? i find that hurtful!
ID	4	@bellagm yes that sucks. i miss you
ID	3	@karyva  i want alexis bledel back on screen every thursday night
ID	2	@dance2jeffreee lOL 518 that was not the year i was born  lol
ID	3	Drew's new songs make me cry.  I miss Thomas already!
ID	2	@juicystar007 I can't get in, I'm in a waiting room
ID	2	@MissJizzle Yeah, the economy sucks SO BAD.  Yeah, I know what a cafeteria is. I'm unemployed at the moment and I hate it!
ID	4	Big Sam Houston is not big enough to overcome the challanges of moving-car-iphone photography  http://yfrog.com/0xhu5j
ID	2	My friend has sent me such a sweet sms. I can't wait to see you, I'm actually missing you
ID	3	i have to be at work at 5 am  ... thanks to me ppl will be getting their freakin starbucks. peace out ppls!
ID	4	PLEASE PLEASE, ANYONE?
ID	4	missing my bffls! missing my friday night dates!  hot dogs for dinner then who knows what the evening holds!
ID	2	UP is out today!!! Why why why why does my head hurt so badly??!?!??!!?   I want to see it!!!
ID	4	@adamtheeditor I heard it was disappointing, which I am disappointed by before I've even seen it.  What a waste of C. Bale.
ID	4	@TraceyHewins Tired! I may have to go to bed. Trouble is I miss all my American evening friends.     X
ID	3	@showtime757 I wanna go
ID	3	wishing i could go to CaBo tonight
ID	4	@CSURyan I am surprised you haven't fired @StuckeyCSU for announcing the whole world of they body they'd found &quot;Selfish&quot;
ID	4	I don't like my dress
ID	2	@nomadiquemc I want to be at @urbangrind
ID	3	I wish i had my iPod , i need some jonas . I miss their sexy voices  JB forever !
ID	3	Oh, but Grease is on VH1! It's almost over, though  http://myloc.me/2215
ID	4	Just got home from school LOL 2 1/2 weeks left yay!!! Then off 2 summer school
ID	2	@dougiemcfly http://twitpic.com/67uc7 - can you lend me one? I have a cold too
ID	2	officially has pink eye.
ID	2	the trip was really great. but i cant belive summers here
ID	3	it's too beautiful to stay inside
ID	3	i miss my puppies...
ID	4	@RIngram08 glad u feel like cooking I'm so tired
ID	3	Finally eating unagi I've been saving up for a while! +udon :] AGH I just realized the band playing at Bear Garden today is one I like!
ID	2	Want: To play Sacred 2... Reality: Spend all day at the hosp...
ID	4	At my rehearsal...gonna miss the game  please keep me updated! Go Nuggets!
ID	2	@HeWhoWrites Aww I feel bad for the lil nigga. He look like he know what's coming
ID	4	@jessicaca yeah i know  been dealin with it for over 2 yrs now
ID	4	@cthundr How could you go to Cali without me??? I'm sad.
ID	2	@BullyOSullivan Oh no! So sorry about your pets..
ID	4	is feeling sad  I so dont do goodbye'z!!!!
ID	4	@Xx_JessicaB_xX yip.....aw gonna miss them on bb
ID	3	@maryviolet I miss standing next to you...
ID	2	This has been a dismal week.
ID	2	the $60,000 i spent going to college was well spent.  I'm going to meet a man tomorrow in the Toys'R'Us parking lot for a cleaning job.
ID	2	The day started so wonderful, but now our kids our crying because our kitty is missing  We just got back from posting signs around.
ID	4	@BigHeadAsian Ahhh...can't do this one....will be in las Vegas that weekend  #noctweetup
ID	3	@AuthorSaoirse_R Drive-in!? srsly!? *jealous*  I have never ever been to one.  there is one down the rd, but it's no longer operational :|
ID	2	Feeling kinda nervous when there was a virus found on the computer
ID	0	Hail/Thunder storm here. The Power keeps on going on then off. It sucks.
ID	1	Hail/Thunder storm here. The Power keeps on going on then off. It sucks.
ID	3	hooome from work. why am i awake still? up in 5 hours
ID	0	i was invited to one on the beach but it was too short notice i mean why the hell tell you 2hrs before?? really?
ID	1	i was invited to one on the beach but it was too short notice i mean why the hell tell you 2hrs before?? really?
ID	2	cant go to work tomorow. still sick  grrr its anoying me now!x
ID	2	@yummy411 @Cocoabebe I know, right? I guess the oldest doesn't hold rank on field trips anymore.
ID	2	@colinmoge  the one day I need to work
ID	4	@wersching and I have to wait till January. Life is not fair!
ID	2	@edincoat Oh no  I hope you reach him!
ID	4	already missing my biddy bops  home at mom's for the night watching my little bro and getting some rest for my birthday party tomorrow :-D
ID	2	This weekend is completely different from last weekend.
ID	4	@materialistic i know i suck.  my data plan is weak sauce.
ID	2	@Savfortomorrow Si, no bueno  I guess I just don't entertain him :/
ID	2	@mileycyrus my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better
ID	3	On way to grab @DeejaySpider @ airport. Listenin to #thebeat. There's noooooo way @djflipout would play these mashups.... AVH would be
ID	0	still can't figure this twitter thing out, i can't my background pic to stick and i can't seem to change my profile pic
ID	1	still can't figure this twitter thing out, i can't my background pic to stick and i can't seem to change my profile pic
ID	2	Sending angry vibes to the individual in a blue vehicle who hit my car in the QFC parking lot on Broad and failed to leave a note
ID	3	so I just had a violent fightclub like sex dream involving heavily tattooed ladies. I didn't wanna wake up.  lol.
ID	2	@justeezy  woh won at least you aren't in the NYC situation
ID	2	@StaceBDU but my bday is JUNE 19.. this is wack... and ihavent seen any promotions for my bday party  someone better finagle this asap!
ID	4	@irize yea yea  im about to torture myself by doing a stanky leg marathon..ima do the dance for hrs til I can't no mo
ID	2	oh man, just seen the BGT news.. not cool. i loved greg.  that dancing weepy kid was just fucking obnoxious imo.
ID	2	mommy coming home from vegas tonight! going to pick her up later in islip her plane doesnt get in until 10:40. KILLME. i want my mommy
ID	2	@kakrisch im jealous.  im slaving away at the store and youre chilling on the boat.
ID	4	@jwalsh Damnit all. That sucks.  You were one of the ones I thought I'd drag back lol
ID	2	@ddlovato  my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better
ID	0	I had a new work picture taken today, hated it, it looks too much like me http://bit.ly/PHjUR
ID	1	I had a new work picture taken today, hated it, it looks too much like me http://bit.ly/PHjUR
ID	3	@NikkiBenz I want to chat with you in Im some day.
ID	4	@aaronob My music teacher either expired or forgot about my lesson, leaving me outside waiting for my ride to pick me up for 1 hour.
ID	4	Well it's after 6 and i didn't get a call back  oh well
ID	0	Home finally. Hungry. needs food. mad cause I might not get pizza today  Hanging out with brandon. its raining.. ugh!!
ID	1	Home finally. Hungry. needs food. mad cause I might not get pizza today  Hanging out with brandon. its raining.. ugh!!
ID	0	lalalalaaaa i have a virus  tear tearrr well my COMPUTER has a virus! running scan grrr : \
ID	1	lalalalaaaa i have a virus  tear tearrr well my COMPUTER has a virus! running scan grrr : \
ID	2	@mikeziemer you traitor  whiskey and coke is my aphrodisiac
ID	4	@renegadepr cool. looking forward. san francisco was really nice. didn't make it out to napa though  maybe next time.
ID	2	wish I could feel no pain (8)  but it's ok, at least they like Brazil!
ID	3	@kidcatastrophe so cool to hear you guys on 104.5! and i can't believe you in were cherry hill a few weeks ago and i missed it  come back
ID	2	@glennbeck wish we could come see u on Denver  husband lost his job and can't afford it
ID	2	I do nothing on friday nights
ID	2	Jane is really sad because she probably won't get perfect on tonight's quiz without the missing article. Should've asked someone for it.
ID	3	@Beauabroughton shud up! lol my device thing doesn't work
ID	4	omg trying to fix pic but its not working!!!! ugh also mom wont let me sleep over sanzz!!!!!  bad day!!!!
ID	2	has a tummy ache.
ID	4	@rdougan I wish I was! well, for the past hour I have been. But before that I was in bed. Proper migraine!
ID	0	@joshhebert yeah bit it is overheating a bit and the AC died.
ID	1	@joshhebert yeah bit it is overheating a bit and the AC died.
ID	3	Friday!!!!!!!!!! Wooo and nothing to do.  Nuggets better pull it off tonight.
ID	4	@michaelpietsch He's totally ignoring me!! How sad!  I am heartbroken
ID	2	@Jonasbrothers  my cousin is in jail for shoplifting and drugs she is 16! im upset please help me feel better
ID	4	Got stuck in a traffic jam today, i now have one sunburned arm
ID	4	@coliwilso *hugs*  still feeling poorly are you
ID	2	reason #123,243,342 I don't like weathermen, school program canceled due 2 rain.Show 6p-7p now 8:15p still no rain  #weathermenRneverright
ID	2	I have nacho chips...but no cheese.
ID	4	On my way to work, I'm kinda sad
ID	3	I love it when it rains on me when im golfing
ID	4	chillin on break eatin some grub. pretty burnt out had an eventful day. wanting to go to the movies with Ian, not happening though.
ID	4	I missed your calls
ID	3	@vasilly thanks.  I'm self so I don't see the &quot;my Account&quot; area.  I'll have to dig deeper it seems
ID	2	@RealKeanuReeves   People are cruel sometimes.  I can't imagine being a Star.
ID	2	Went for run, my sinuses are pissing me off
ID	2	@sandysurap Thanks. They're both so cute. Havent been home for many years so havent seen them in person
ID	0	misses her phone... having no service sucks
ID	1	misses her phone... having no service sucks
ID	2	@jbdance7  ya i can never watch any of them :l
ID	4	waiting for sleeping pills to kick in... gonna be so tired at work tomorrow
ID	2	I sadly have no voice after the Food Faire and The Academic Pep Rally!! I need my voice.
ID	4	Why the fuck can't I be over this ??? I feel like crying bit I realy don't want to  why is this bothering me sooooooo much !?
ID	4	@survivorqueen I can't shes taken my keys to muh car.
ID	4	No Rockin on the River for me, tonight...
ID	2	Isss boredddd, gotta be up in the morningg
ID	3	@LuluLuz  i love you,i love you,i love you -you're the most beautiful and sweet girl ever.
ID	2	@JeremyBorash wow, honestly not surprising, every time they try to push that guy he gets injured
ID	4	@BodyWisdomInc sorry I missed you @pcharityclassic. Saw you across the way, I was busy taking pix-abt 4:15 came to meet U-but U were gone
ID	3	There was no traffic at all on my way home and all traffic lights were green.Im afraidIowe karma a big check
ID	0	why is this english homework so hard  i seem to be getting nowhere
ID	1	why is this english homework so hard  i seem to be getting nowhere
ID	0	Dang! My voice wont came out! And my snots is covering all my tissues... DANGIT! I hate FLU!
ID	1	Dang! My voice wont came out! And my snots is covering all my tissues... DANGIT! I hate FLU!
ID	2	@emerilizzie poor kid.  That sucks. Hopefully things look up for her soon. *hugs*
ID	4	@dougreport just checked again and it worked!! Sorry
ID	2	@schambers bud light?!?!?!  up in Massachusetts and no Boston Lager?  Guess I won't catch the next flight   njoy!
ID	3	@emilygrace_BHB I went to that concert and I remember Derek and Mark were hosting! I miss seeing BHB  at the grove.
ID	2	Im giving up on twitter. My pic is gone my background is gone..I'm hopeless when it comes to technology!!
ID	3	@hannahgramm Haha damn you not inviting me
ID	4	@Kalediscope Girl *cries* I'm allergic to seafood
ID	2	aghh mann i missed like half wowp, nd i dont like to start watching things in the middle of the show, i forgot to record it, im maddd!
ID	2	@veddersgirl Will start tonight. Bored. Tired of waiting on Darkward. I am breaking up with him
ID	2	@kscarter I feel like I haven't talked to you in a really really long time.
ID	2	@mileycyrus  it wont let me vote even tho im signed in
ID	4	Just got to the gym but w/no energy
ID	2	oh and i forgot my cell at home  thankgod for this crackberry
ID	2	@MaryleeFOD I am so sorry I missed your tweet  I was on a nice long chat across the border with pastel. Did you want the recipe? email?
ID	2	waaah.. I can't open my eyes wider! i wanna go back to sleep but i can't sleep properly..
ID	4	God, why can't I be at #asylum? Really. I never get to do anything cool!
ID	2	FCKeditor is giving me problems! Posts just fine, but only edits in plain text! Help!
ID	0	I hate it when Trevor drives
ID	1	I hate it when Trevor drives
ID	4	@ the San Antonio Missions game waitressing. Not a huge crowd.  Meaning a slow game.
ID	4	I'd rather be at #BEATweetup.  Instead, I'm taking my cue from @vromans and shutting down. @wirechairs @annacarollo reprezent-zent!
ID	4	my fab broke
ID	2	@ceciliaa_ What did he say about it?? Gosh! I missed the yesterday live chat.. I was at bed.. sick
ID	2	I'm in a traffic jam
ID	2	has a broken iphone
ID	3	I am finally plugged in to listen to Flashpoints on http//:www.kpfa.org shoutout @norabf and have missed the segment about Chevron
ID	3	says Morning.  http://plurk.com/p/x34ap
ID	0	@AdamRPhoto ow shitttt i cant come get drunk ihave to go to a photo shoot in portsmouth or sumfink  owwwwwwwwwwwww
ID	1	@AdamRPhoto ow shitttt i cant come get drunk ihave to go to a photo shoot in portsmouth or sumfink  owwwwwwwwwwwww
ID	0	Shots suuuuck!  im done  no more vacines!
ID	1	Shots suuuuck!  im done  no more vacines!
ID	4	Omg, someone just left me a voicemail at work    ffs let me have a day off
ID	2	i'm a bum today
ID	4	@ArtyTheCat oh noes I missed you again.
ID	2	Just got my dress for my friends wedding. Its a little tight in places. Gotta work out more
ID	3	i hate my presentation  hahah whatever im glad its over
ID	3	just got sold out from UP
ID	4	@wita  Still think it's unfair that Infamous isn't on PC. =/
ID	2	still feeling crangsty  but sushi for Marianne's bday (tmr) tonight! then pedicures (finally!) even so, I hate feeling like this *pouts*
ID	2	@selenagomez AWWWE! I live in Van, would've been so great to see you  but have a great flight!
ID	2	chris cornell is going pop?!  i prefer the old chris cornell.
ID	2	so i have like no more friends it's kinda sad
ID	0	well its hot as heck right now
ID	1	well its hot as heck right now
ID	4	ok, twitter doesnt like me   i must be really dumb...how do i send a msg?
ID	2	offically in DC .....  missing my numero uno
ID	3	joooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!! studying!!!  to be readdy to go to the party!!!   If they let me go!!  jajaja I think yeaahh!!! \m/!!
ID	0	@annettestarbuck heck yea that beats traffic!  Im on the stinkin toll road (paying to sit in traffic, nice) no milkshakes out here
ID	1	@annettestarbuck heck yea that beats traffic!  Im on the stinkin toll road (paying to sit in traffic, nice) no milkshakes out here
ID	2	@emett55 TGIF is right...I think I broke my toe last night - on my bad foot.
ID	4	Wanting to go out... apparently no ones available!
ID	3	@shawncorson i know  i'm tweeting more now though don't you worry!! haha i wish i could fly to ohio! i saw beyonce on monday uhmygawddd!
ID	0	I have to reupload the damn thing again
ID	1	I have to reupload the damn thing again
ID	2	Lack of sleep leads to major head ach
ID	4	They burnt my zuccini
ID	3	@DD714 Ahh man, and im off NEXT weekend
ID	4	has such a freakin migraine
ID	2	feeling sick. headache. bored. tireddd
ID	2	@lindyhot oh noo.. i cant see it
ID	2	Our currency is dropping like nobodies business; not a good time to be going overseas  http://is.gd/JsgL
ID	4	I miss vlogcandy
ID	4	Why can't i find any jewellry for my dressssss?
ID	2	@JamaicaPanama im missin out on all the fun aww  *cryin* lol
ID	4	epic fail with the chocolate fountain that got CLOGGED
ID	2	argh! why is the bathroom always closed when I'm late from my break and gotta pee?!!!!
ID	2	Vent:  No one cares
ID	4	Aw i couldn't see robert before practice. That makes me sad
ID	4	I MISS TUGGER AND MISTO  last night was amazing&lt;3 i was so close to them :')
ID	3	@BBKwieen all of em! Hahahahaha sry
ID	2	@efefe http://twitpic.com/64g3b - i think so ! well,u're lucky
ID	4	@KSdaisy Aw...poor thing.
ID	2	@thecapillary i noticed that you were on the same hallway....shitty   No worries about the BBQ....I'm hoping there will be more to come!!!
ID	4	I ripped my favorite pair of jeans.
ID	4	i just bit my tongue.  blood everywhere!!!
ID	3	Made it to Wisconsin... Now off to Golden Corral again! dang! lol we missed the graduation! tho  Dang!
ID	3	@lolbethie that sounds great right about now. It's ridiculously hot in my house
ID	2	Time for my ritualistic Friday night depression
ID	2	@caraann aww I miss driving down elmwood
ID	4	Burning my tongue on Won Ton soup
ID	2	wow its follow friday and i havent tweeted... Fail. And nobody has followed me today  dble fail. *suicide*
ID	3	@Aphrosie It would still involve me standing up. lol. Windows are too high up. Guess im just gonna have to go out
ID	4	@momneedstherapy - So sorry Ambien got sick.  Perhaps work her ashes into the garden with a catnip plant?
ID	3	@WayneDaStar that's a mess  I'll look for it next week
ID	4	Why hasn't he called. I'm being blown off yet again.
ID	4	sometimes i forget my favorite porn stars are real people too. @bobbyclarkxxx made orange chicken last night and cut his finger off! sad!
ID	0	@jessicagee7 i have restricted driving priviledges...  and i didn't even do anything. stupid double standards
ID	1	@jessicagee7 i have restricted driving priviledges...  and i didn't even do anything. stupid double standards
ID	4	cars,,,,cars....cars.....I need one. ha ha. The one I found last night, that I wanted so bad! is now sold. And not to me
ID	2	eye still hurts  I Think I'll go sleep now...
ID	2	GAH! I have the headache from hell. Reminds me what my lovely wife goes through all too often
ID	3	Just enjoyed 2 steak quesadillas! Kinda mad cause I'm gonna miss the laker game!
ID	4	rain rain go away.  had to cancel my pool plans! tragic.
ID	4	Is sad there was no Otalia today
ID	2	my day is going way too fast
ID	4	doesn't sound so great at all  http://is.gd/JslB #palmpre
ID	4	so busy already
ID	2	@swiftkaratechop &quot;Jake Cologne&quot; from hollister makes every girl I hug go fucking nuts. Too bad I'm gay.
ID	4	put my dog to sleep  I love you abby RIP&lt;3
ID	4	@KimmyCakezZ yes ma'am u do have a pretty smile. but you also won't eat chipotle with me.
ID	2	So glad the days almost over... Another nite of me nd my pain pills alone at the crib lol. Ughh I wish this weekend was over alreadi!
ID	2	is in skwl now, and i dont really wanna study.. i saw him --&gt; J***I and makes me feel down..
ID	3	@rouxified help!!
ID	2	@cleverindie This spine thing sounds no good  back exercises are no fun, best of luck hon.
ID	3	So much happier, despite my looming departure
ID	2	@SourTwittles Hahahaha! I didn't know it said that, sheeeeittt! I don't get why I can't have a picture... bwaaaahhh
ID	4	Somehow I have managed to sober up and now I remember how crap I felt pre drink
ID	3	@cheekyxoxo  I love you, though!
ID	3	Fun Friday night planned...... Spent at work
ID	4	at work.. missing my miami fam @anywayz, @abigaildsouza, @mrohboy32, carolina, jonathan, @Prtyprincess, @JessDosil &amp;&amp;&amp; more
ID	2	@TreoBenny ha! I know..I'm very ashamed.
ID	2	@Gilove2dance Awww, *hugs* I wish I could help.
ID	3	@JanuaryParker hey they do have that  but these never bothered me before.
ID	4	I had some work to do, but my wrist hurts too much to do any of it.
ID	4	@HollyTheBoss lol. sorry bout today  ..did u get them?? &amp; what else R U guyz doinq cuz i have to C if im eligable [howeva itz spelled lol]
ID	3	i'm probably the only person in the world that uses tweetie from my ipod touch &amp; not an iphone  ghetto? haha
ID	2	Dudes nothing to doon a friday
ID	3	Listening to nin and working on my break. ALMOST as good as being at the show.....  rock out extra hard @SarfaBarfa
ID	0	Knew she was an idiot..
ID	1	Knew she was an idiot..
ID	4	feelin depressed ,, i miss you soo damn fcking much besties  ..i wish i wouldnt have left yt
ID	2	Rain on my parade of beer and fire
ID	3	wishing I was attending #beatweetup I even bought a badge
ID	2	@jmariu i couldn't eat all my nuggets  finish them for me.
ID	2	@Boy_Kill_Boy I is angry
ID	2	Is upset that he didn't get his 24 fix tonight
ID	4	@Mr_Kimbalicious you can have the milk i have, i only have that here to drink  i think thats whats making me feel sick
ID	0	god, brera, why is your plot twist going to fucking everything up i can feel it
ID	1	god, brera, why is your plot twist going to fucking everything up i can feel it
ID	3	hi from chile!!! It's 9 deg C  winter's coming....cant wait for cali sun.
ID	2	Oh how today sucks....
ID	3	@Hockeyvampiress glad you have a squeee moment good for you-- I just got bills in the mail
ID	3	@JAYSFIT I SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO NEED TO SEE U  IM ON SOME BS 4REAL DEADASS LMAO
ID	4	@NaomiER Having a bad day actually  but your cd keeps my spirits lifted
ID	4	At an 80''S retro prom wishing HE was here to dance with!  I'm gonna miss his great dancing 2nite  but still having a blast &amp; a few drinks
ID	2	@danachs I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
ID	0	@brentonscowie  dude i will check again but i couldnt find anything  haha i am capital F-U-C-K-E-D
ID	1	@brentonscowie  dude i will check again but i couldnt find anything  haha i am capital F-U-C-K-E-D
ID	3	Rushed to get to ups and they close at 7... I got here at 705 after making a wrong turn
ID	2	@djcommish @JuneBug143 Awww hey boo..  i know i miss all of them
ID	2	@ddlovato How hard is it 2 be running back an forth constantly? Ya kno workin all the time, havin crazy sleepin schedules? Must be hard
ID	3	@FenterZ hahaha your gonna beat me again  LOL at james sahal and his &quot;stunnerbum&quot;
ID	3	Oops forgot to shave my legs!  Byebye to my favorite cousin   Bklyn two nights in a row... We go hardd!!!!!!!
ID	4	@prettyrach I am 100% jealous.  wish I had some
ID	2	is crying..because the school years over  i wont get to see my teachers!  i wont get to see johnathan.......
ID	2	Wow. So I hate Staples right now. Majorly. Thanks for being complete fucktards and killing our productivity
ID	2	Sigh only 1 problem though i need to call Stooopid LIME aka Cable and Wireless and have them reconnect my interent 2 day without net  sads
ID	4	@brighit @lilypenelope @Guy_Vincent @torbengee @@Winsorandnewt i missed the party!!!!  i bought wine and everything!!!
ID	2	I think my phone has officially bit the dust.
ID	2	Sitting in the car. My ipod is about to die so Im not gonna have anything to do.
ID	2	@nezua i want to comment but don't understand what you're saying
ID	4	There go my big plans... thanks, tonsils.
ID	3	@courtbolin i miss youuu and i wish i was dodging semis with you
ID	3	Bought some little plastic personal wine bottles at Jewel, perfect for rooftop boozin'! Wish I didn't have to wait so long!
ID	0	: I saw US Postal was hiring, but once I was done filling out the pre-application thingy it didn't show me jobs open in the area.
ID	1	: I saw US Postal was hiring, but once I was done filling out the pre-application thingy it didn't show me jobs open in the area.
ID	4	@owl311 that makes me sad...
ID	3	I just wanna be happy
ID	2	I wish I could see dramafest SO BAD.
ID	3	@lacietee i wish i was going, cuz i miss you.
ID	2	@el_juansimon God I'm bored. Wish we could've done something 2night!
ID	2	Making a list of SiC 2009 attendances
ID	4	@samsamsammm i miss you!!  stupid work!
ID	2	at work.. missing my miami fam @anywayz, @abigaildsouza, @mrohboy32, carolina, @jonathan305, @Prtyprincess, @JessDosil &amp;&amp;&amp; more
ID	2	thinking i cant handle my life like this anymore... almost seems as if suicides the answer... unfortunately.
ID	3	Trying to reorganize plans for tonight uggg  Hopefully it will still be lots 'o fun!
ID	4	friday.....i have nothing to do so sad
ID	2	@kidkierain yeah, that does sound a bit bad man... i got fucking exam week this week
ID	2	is terrible at saving money..
ID	4	working on diffusing that irritation but this traffic sure isn't helping  mother F! it's always real bad the days th@ i help plan stuff
ID	4	@yomama8929 I go into the room for the first time in weeks and you're off cleaning
ID	4	brother's back!! &amp;&amp; i found this really small dead bird on my deck  so sad, i basically cried.
ID	3	wish i could be in via funchal  yesterday, @tommcfly, @Dannymcfly, @dougiemcfly, @mcflyharry were PERFECT, the best day in my life XX
ID	3	28 in VanCity? Holy shizz. I will be home soon kids!
ID	3	@davidaldrich_wx Did you see the color of the sky and how it looks in Philly??  It is yellowish/orangeish/brownish looks scary!!  lol
ID	4	Misses JP  I do not know what to do and iv given myself a headache thinking about it, just makes me want to cry
ID	2	Didn't expect to have a car accident, then the pain kick in 4 days later
ID	2	I feel like a lost puppy without my phone.
ID	3	@Atashas your sister would ! hahah thats so funny !! i thought you liked them
ID	2	@bktassava I am lost. Please help me find a good home.
ID	4	off to bed was gonna read some new moon but its a little late now  night night all xxx
ID	0	just got back home... bored now
ID	1	just got back home... bored now
ID	0	hates scaleeeee
ID	1	hates scaleeeee
ID	2	She tells me that she feels miserable, so at least it's mutual.
ID	2	Ugh I don't feel well again all of a sudden
ID	4	@alinachka is there anyway you could forgive me?
ID	3	been working all day, finally relaxing!! i miss you
ID	0	So... Things didn't work out as expected, well damm
ID	1	So... Things didn't work out as expected, well damm
ID	4	@uwbadgerkelly because you had chips and sale w/o me
ID	2	Bella doesn't love me no more
ID	2	I have a sore tummy
ID	4	@sarah6800 I miss you already. All the sad faces you texted me were seriously gonna make me cry.
ID	4	@RealRobBrydon Hi Rob, will you be coming back and doing any more shows in Wales again soon? Missed you the first time.
ID	4	@mssbxny artery tomorrow. No more Hagen Daz for me
ID	0	@CiiTYLiiGHTSx3 what happened? who's the jerk!?
ID	1	@CiiTYLiiGHTSx3 what happened? who's the jerk!?
ID	4	@RainbowAnne  Well, it was a nice thought while it lasted. Maybe he'll leave properly next time *crosses fingers*
ID	4	@davidaldrich_wx it looks like it did in Ohio after a tornado hit.
ID	2	My picture won't update.
ID	2	Graveyard charged my card twice (one correct total, one random amt) from last night's #atltweet tweetup. Check your accounts!
ID	4	@Heylushh haha me tooooo! I miss you I havnt seen you in ages
ID	2	forgot to renew my drivers license
ID	4	was just about to try and  dl the sims 3 but realize my pc don't meet the standard requirements  i need new pc lol!!!
ID	0	The jetway feels like the seventh layer of hell. Oh and there are way too many babies on this flight. And I forgot my Bose.
ID	1	The jetway feels like the seventh layer of hell. Oh and there are way too many babies on this flight. And I forgot my Bose.
ID	2	My cats sick.
ID	2	I really need to invest in an elliptical machine... Running with shin splints sucks!!
ID	2	Alex slammed her head into the edge of the table about 30 min ago.  She's going to have a nice, blue bruise.
ID	2	@ Kosme -&gt; careful or you're going to be like me; updating websites and such on a Friday night
ID	4	everyone has left me and gone to bed
ID	4	@kickzfadayz Our boy better get it in tonight!!!! Or it's all over
ID	3	@Anthony_y_Tony I had Pad Thai 3 times last night  ragoons LOL yumb
ID	4	i want to join drama practice today but i can't
ID	2	is very hungover
ID	2	@ltyson yay asap lol awwh I miss our friday night happy hours even luna del sea and the &quot;boy&quot; hahahaha
ID	2	Jesus...I'm being SLAMMED via DM's from the Papaya lobbyists.  OK. Holy crap: Mangosteen, Durian or Papaya...or cybersecurity on a stick.
ID	4	@ClaireSale Poor Beta, I took him to Seattle, riding on my lap on the plane. He was happy here until our week long outage-cold did him in
ID	2	@bwexxx  i hope you hoes are having so much fun...not TOO much without me though lol
ID	4	@Savfortomorrow I thought I was doing pretty good; I guess not. Bummer.
ID	2	@Nevidge20 Kennedy was re-injured at RAW on Monday. He's got s serious muscle issue in his back and a broken wrist.
ID	2	Took calculus exam today, I think that I did well. I messed up one derivative identity though  Well, I never miss that one again.
ID	4	I miss him soooo much  not gonna see him for 2-3 months
ID	2	@akte a couple of YEARS? I may die without my Kateage.  *keeps fingers crossed for you tho*
ID	2	I lost my voice
ID	2	woke up early this morning  not happy bout that, headache, dizzy can't breathe, yeh im still sick
ID	3	Didn't win a Lammy last night  but happy for Scott Sherman, who did. Walked my feet off at BEA today.
ID	3	@jeseekuhluv Yea I think I waited to long. oh well. thats cool. I should have signed up for more but I'm already done with core classes
ID	2	*cough cough hack hack
ID	2	reaons not worth it; drunk for no reason, depressed about revision, nothing happened. Reason's worth it:Matt, ...after that? i dunno
ID	3	The nocturnal serendipity... Kashmir is an important means to that end...
ID	0	said final farewells to roommate.  almost finished packing then it's dc or bust on the 3rd. california: i divorce you x 3!
ID	1	said final farewells to roommate.  almost finished packing then it's dc or bust on the 3rd. california: i divorce you x 3!
ID	3	@LovelyAaris That's not fair! I'm hungry as hell
ID	4	@ThisStarChild aww please explain &quot;botts&quot; I am all 'fused....
ID	4	@hannahxmakeup my stupid putet won't let me go to your chat
ID	3	@slonecker ...thanks for the shout out...you might be right about the starving thing....     little lol
ID	2	@philwade unfortunatly, just about to start making my way home  but via Singapore for a gig too, so fun ain't over  just yet ;)
ID	4	@wesleyadamquinn i missed the chicago show  boo me.
ID	2	@JoeRuiz Ahhh, I slept through the game.  I'm gonna try my best to watch tomorrow though. I hope we play Army.
ID	4	@TinPanAlley Sorry bro  That's rough.
ID	4	I'm sad to take off the suit b/c I know I'm not going to get to wear one again for a long time
ID	4	@chopperdave12 i think im just going to wind up going Home and go to bed
ID	4	@MmMmMshell I miss having u as a roommate
ID	2	I'm really enjoying pins and needles in my legs at 01:28 in the morning... Not
ID	4	Bored and kinda lonely, my parents went up to the lake. I didn't have a friend to bring up so i knew i was bored and didn't go.
ID	2	@BSBVBK im trying to fix it.. it doesnt do it  and its &quot;ahi dios mio&quot; but u did good lol
ID	2	Plans were taking flight to go out tonight but they're now sinking in the Hudson since I have to work in he morning. Stupid bird strike.
ID	2	Coming to the end of a looooong day. Good new is, I got everything done! Bad news- I gotta wake up @ 4:45am tomorrow for work!
ID	2	I'm bored. No internet. I haven't made it downtown or to the beach yet.
ID	2	Im hungry and its cold
ID	3	poker night instead of kate voegele.... i guess it'll do....
ID	3	@LizMyxx okay...just eat cookies &amp;&amp; not share with me lol
ID	4	@djflykid Ooooh, boo!  We only see each other at the bar (at @titusofalltime's well) or miss each other! I'll make a pt of stopping by! ;)
ID	3	@spootychild omfg I have been DOWNING them they are so tasty. I ate almost all of them with Lo
ID	3	passed my drivers test! i can drive!...oh wait, i don't turn 16 till october
ID	3	Scramming a little early. Nibs sounds pathetic.
ID	2	is working tomorrow all day so can't do anything tonight  Whats the plan for Saturday?
ID	2	@keeleykerrins Dear god i hope they save it.  http://www.the-impossible-project.com/
ID	2	hey there @larkn0298 how are you going? looking forward to weekend, sadly im workin both sat sun
ID	2	@ZackRabbit i chewed up a Starbucks and a Subway gift card at Christmas time, I got in big trouble. I not allowed near purse.
ID	2	@ahewitt Me too
ID	4	@ladebelle yeah it's a double edged sword. So I guess we dead on new stories?
ID	2	Feels really sick. Just puked my guts out.    help, please.
ID	2	@Cara62442 Just read those tweets and it sounded like i was getting on at you . I swear not what I meant to do
ID	4	Trying to watch Boys Before Flowers online. Streaming sucks and my wireless is crappy too
ID	3	@mfrancella I have yet to even get out to play this year  soon I hope!
ID	3	@aub311 Dang me too! It's only a 4 hour drive! Too bad it's my daughters 1st bday party  it's hosted by Donnie
ID	2	@KimSherrell maybe its because my computer committed suicide this week, but your &quot;faves&quot; link wont load
ID	0	@anwith1n Missed you at LoDo's
ID	1	@anwith1n Missed you at LoDo's
ID	2	@refuse2bdefined nooo!! not too busy for you! EVER! SRSLY!  you are my pal! I'm not yet familiar with iphone twitter
ID	4	I so want to be a part of Windows Clubhouse, but my WL Spaces blog is random, and not the place where I share Windows stuff
ID	2	@RealSmoothieLuv nope no love
ID	3	@HelenCrozier Yes- It was fun to connect with her! Pls tell her hello- can't find her on Twitter.
ID	2	@KRITM awe I am sorry, probably true.
ID	3	Headache  hanging out with my puffy. I love him &lt;3
ID	4	Why does twitter eat my DM's?  Not happy
ID	2	Swollen face.....again
ID	0	Cleaning my house on a Friday night
ID	1	Cleaning my house on a Friday night
ID	2	@DonnieWahlberg baby I'm in maryland I'm NOT gonna make it  BUT I will see ur sexy ass next sat in camden VIP....come early n hang!!!!!
ID	2	has on music at work today its so painful
ID	2	@socilover I wish I can see that. They have CNN here again, with no volume.
ID	2	feeling sick and wondering if I should get out of bed to go throw up or just go to sleep...
ID	4	@BuffaloLass87 I'm so sorry  do you want me to call? If not I will be on aim in a couple of hours if you need to vent
ID	2	@elmoberry @ejc7 - MISS YOU TWO!!! Find it random how all form of communication slows when I'm at home   -  I MISS LE2!! xxxx
ID	3	a reply from @zackalltimelow would  make my life, he replies usually to the people who call him gay, then he tells them he willblok them
ID	2	chillin, wish i was with my pals in il
ID	2	@Ur_Obsession lol but its only gonna be 80  the water will prob be cold as heck...
ID	3	1.2 mile run and 450 meter swim, things are looking better and better... Laying off the bike today
ID	2	@DonnieWahlberg The Disney Store is not treating me to well with hours  I realy want to go on 6/13. I willdo anythig to go to the show ;-)
ID	2	@mommy41402 yeah i need his fricken cell number ive tried his home for months and hes too busy. i miss braddddddddd
ID	2	@ChasityNichole No dice...I searched it in the &quot;Help&quot; area...just a problem some people have.  It would have been hot...oh well
ID	2	so far I've tried to kill myself TWICE in the 15 mins I've been outside by tripping on stupid things.  I knew I should've stayed in bed.
ID	2	@BMatt95 ohhh. hm. I don't want to screw mine up
ID	2	twitter has spam!!?? oh no
ID	2	@katevoegele I wish you weren't going to a 19+ venue in Vancouver
ID	2	@funkylovin  on your ani?  sorry
ID	2	I have trouble with Starship troopers. They're mean to the great big pink bug.
ID	3	@Charified sadly, I don't   hehe
ID	4	@DonnieWahlberg - l'd come if u could, but Australia is just too far away
ID	2	there's nothing worse than getting a text about a dog that was abandoned in your town
ID	2	@TheAliMonster  FTR I &lt;3 U and miss U on the team already
ID	4	@AmyMonzon booooo  my senior yearbook sucks thanks for the memories bhs -___-
ID	2	@ravels http://twitpic.com/67fs9 - I miss hearing you guys.  You will all be missed out here.
ID	4	@trellthms what r u doing tonight bro?I wanna go out
ID	4	@gimboland sorry change of plans for me   :'( revision for monday exam in a park with one of my friends
ID	2	Dear god I'm so sleepy, and it's only 6:30. Must be sleep deprived. I even fell asleep sitting up. *groans* I'm I really that old?
ID	4	is trying to deny that she's beginning to miss him -- more and more, each and every single day that their apart  ... i need Sprite! HAHA!
ID	2	Little kids annoy the hell outa me by being all active and shouting and attacking me Etc.
ID	2	There are no appointments left for the day so they're trying to work me in. almost an hour for a stuck freaking power button FML
ID	2	Lol I mean hey! That's mean
ID	0	i already hate my tan lines  oh well better get used to them
ID	1	i already hate my tan lines  oh well better get used to them
ID	3	@BuggysRose  Haha,I just may do that,yo!
ID	2	*sigh* another two out fly out for Papi
ID	4	@mileycyrus Workin ur crazy sched. has to be tiring..its gotta  be hard being famous  but jus kno u have Bazillionz of fans supprtin u
ID	3	@momfluential That turtle on the side of the road just passed you, too.
ID	2	Oh god! I had to look at &quot;How to use Twitter&quot;.. how hopeless is that?!
ID	4	@lbutterworth I know, twitter is depressing me tonight
ID	2	seriously my parents are non stop  minniapolis, newport for a week, and now this weekend in San Diego  i miss them @home
ID	4	@MissKellyO  wish I could eat with you all !!!
ID	2	They just admitted my grandma to the hospital... Shes my only last one  please pray for her
ID	2	Ok, my job at walmart is a cart pusher  i hope i dont get sunburned
ID	4	I dont get how to use twitterr!
ID	3	Feeling like Romeo and Juliet with Bryant and Wallinwood as the Montagues and Capulets...   #fb
ID	2	So lost  on my owm tryinh to find matter in the o2
ID	4	@selenagomez bye selena!!! too bad i didnt get to talk to u while u were here
ID	4	Just thought about my hubby being deployed n now I got the blues  I need a stiff drink but I'm breastfeeding so no booze for me :/ Ugh!!
ID	2	junk food and movies in a tshirt and sweats.... the only way tonight would be better is if I had someone to hang with
ID	4	@gialovescece NO GHOST WHISPERER?!!  What am I going to do without J. Love?!
ID	4	i hate songs and surveys  they always seem to make me cry.
ID	2	Wondering if twitter will be fixed for my phone any time soon...
ID	0	@acepilot P.S. I hate your work schedule! I wish you could come play tonight
ID	1	@acepilot P.S. I hate your work schedule! I wish you could come play tonight
ID	4	Last full day of high school was today. I'm sad that I may never see a lot of my friends ever again!!
ID	2	I'm getting more and more reactions when stroking the cat.  Now I have welts on my hands from where she caught me with her claws.
ID	2	follow friday.. follow me coz i only have 26 followers...  (it's not 2am)
ID	4	I want a burrito but I still have 30 more minutes of work
ID	4	My tummy hurts...
ID	4	@Teseract86 If I got paid by the hour I could retire by now  do you have xBox live? I am thinking Rock Band
ID	0	Time to get ready for wrk! Ahhhh, I dnt wanna goooo!
ID	1	Time to get ready for wrk! Ahhhh, I dnt wanna goooo!
ID	4	i hate it when my bff is groundedd  boooooooooo
ID	0	@jordaaaannnn Damn i wanna see the rest!! i only saw like 30 minutes
ID	1	@jordaaaannnn Damn i wanna see the rest!! i only saw like 30 minutes
ID	3	@PerezHilton well even with her breakdown she was better than the other acts unfortunately! Britain's got very little talent
ID	2	@3xasif lol. just don't ever forget me
ID	3	1st- TY to those who follow back.  2nd - grrr to those who don't, cuz it messes up being able to follow others u want to when ur at 2000+
ID	2	shit....game starts in 30 min!!
ID	3	the beginning of Cater 2 U always gets to me
ID	2	poor wavves. had a meltdown in barcelona. drummer walked out. shoes were thrown. hands in face.
ID	3	inFamous on the PS3 = AWESOME. My eyes are so sore now though
ID	2	@LesbianCafe Sorry to hear that sweetness  have you taken anything for pain?
ID	2	Nooo...i forgot my calculator for physics   oh well class is allmost over :3
ID	2	@DonnaFirsty she fell into deep crack in the glacier  so terrible
ID	2	@totalgunner Ive twitpic-we him before so you might be able to find him LOL. Aw thats so sad!  ooh piranhas? Scary lol
ID	4	mannnn...  why aint my music working
ID	4	My dog died today. We had her for 11 years. I miss her so much.
ID	0	@dnbchik ahhh...Lily's new kitten just took a giant wet stinky shit on me
ID	1	@dnbchik ahhh...Lily's new kitten just took a giant wet stinky shit on me
ID	4	Sometimes I wish I was a warden
ID	4	I'm bored... Don't want to stay home tonight, but don't want to spend money  blah
ID	2	I WILL CRY!!!!!!!!    I can't believe that I lost the chat!!!
ID	2	I should be paying my bills and not playing on here.
ID	2	my hair hurts
ID	2	Poor Little Hollie Steel...I really did feel for her!!  #bgt
ID	2	@RQKidd Hey I texted you but you never responded. We stopped at a friend's &amp; ended up staying.
ID	3	@owenong looks good ... making me hungry but boy stll asleep
ID	4	i just saw a baby dove fall from a tree, break its neck and die  i tried to save it and couldnt. what a cruel world
ID	4	wants to go home!
ID	4	@tymrichardson the movie Tym... So sad, I was crying non-stop.
ID	4	@ the Eldorado house, goodbye Aliante house. *Memories made, memories fade!
ID	2	@eddyhendergrass that sounds like the scariest zombie dream ever.
ID	2	I dont like things getting confused. Seems to be happening alot lately
ID	3	Hey had some fun with friends !!!!!Now cleaning
ID	2	Guys (@cotravelgirl @elaineellis @debindenver @joshclauss @pugofwar) I know! My ability to read time telling devices failed!
ID	0	Forced to eat red hotdogs coz I'm starving and there's nothing else for breakfast. Ick.
ID	1	Forced to eat red hotdogs coz I'm starving and there's nothing else for breakfast. Ick.
ID	2	Sorry that your tummy hurts deathbyhistory  i got a tattoo like half an hour ago!
ID	2	@karenhanson that plain sux. kinda like cheers goin off the air.
ID	4	@Kat_KittyKat  so now im bored..untill i go out
ID	2	@AmberHope ME
ID	2	@caroldn I feel like a piece of garbage!  See: http://bbltwt.com/nqgp3
ID	3	@saramcdonald23 soooo jelous of you right now
ID	2	soooo bored it aint funny.
ID	4	Is dying my hair back to pink. I missed being a cupcake. And I miss my Sherry and Melanie
ID	2	i have a headache
ID	3	@iAlejandro: unfortunately not.  I have to take it to a repair shop or replace it.
ID	4	today has me feelin' like crap
ID	2	thanks to the forever 21 curse that makes you spend 3 hours there everytime you go in, i couldnt go tanning today
ID	2	You know when your FAT when someone points it out.  ugh...what an aweful day... I feel like breaking down.
ID	2	ugh im crying again  writing a rant about it on tumblr.
ID	2	@AnastasiaEsper Aren't we though? lol He's at work now and I miss him  blah Wut cha up to?
ID	2	My friend ..has cancelled on me for tomorrow, Now i have nothing to do...this makes me sad...  xxxxxx
ID	2	sad.. Daniel is leaving Florida now.. just gave him a big hug
ID	2	@KyleWade05 so glad i did not say hi to last night... i dont want the flu... but sry if you really do have it
ID	4	@sunmess she was performing at the lifeball in vienna this year but unfortunately i didn't get the chance to see her.
ID	2	@goopmop i dont want you to go to india
ID	2	Going out to Miranda shopping centre to spend time with the family, before going away for 2 weeks to Malaysia. Gonna miss them!
ID	3	@dopequrlbree Awww  You'll Be Fine...
ID	4	at home sick
ID	2	finds the hardest thing about being a Christian is to put God as first in his life.  I need help..
ID	0	ok... twitter I almost pass out because of you!! bastard    :'(
ID	1	ok... twitter I almost pass out because of you!! bastard    :'(
ID	3	@srcasm  I need to come spend some time on your roof - I miss you &amp; @beyondreality    double date in a couple of weeks?
ID	2	i'm going to kill myself T_T . i wasted hundreds of download and realised i got the wrong one
ID	3	@funkylovin ah mine is never home before 8   I handed off the kids and grabbed the bottle of malibu and a coke..momma getting drinky :para
ID	2	I am sad that my kids were ungrateful today
ID	4	@bgoldy and sitting in traffic trying to escape campus is feeling just as hellish
ID	4	my guinea pig died today
ID	4	i got over the crush issue but now tomorrow my friend is going to india for the whole summer  im back to being sad.
ID	4	I cried...
ID	2	feel dpressed
ID	0	Also I popped the phone open and got all that goddamn dust out, but I wore out a clip on the camera panel so I had to glue it shut
ID	1	Also I popped the phone open and got all that goddamn dust out, but I wore out a clip on the camera panel so I had to glue it shut
ID	3	@katabolickatie not on my tv !    im watching a that 70's show marathon !
ID	4	@babymakes7 no.  I lost the link you sent when I had to pull my battery.
ID	3	@shawnsafaridon lol, i've done that one b4  i'm a victim 2 that! lol
ID	2	@Hameed_Hemmat she's mad coz she purposely let you step on her foot, n thought you would give her a kiss to compensate, but you didn't
ID	4	my stomach hurts
ID	4	is Jay Leno's last show tonight
ID	3	Mosque and mini-golf! haha I tied for 1st. It looks like the Yankees aren't playing tonight   but I'll just play Fifa! ~Zade~
ID	4	i've become one of those pathetic girls that feel lonely without their boyfriends hahaha i miss josey already!!
ID	3	Just put all the original art for my comics into an album.  Its really nice, except it shows how much I liked to cut corners to finish.
ID	2	@yoyonb87 yep, so I damn it.
ID	3	i want to go out tonight, but i ain't go no money and no one to go with   any takers???
ID	2	i miss my brother.  12 more days till he gets bac to tennessee. he said he was singing &quot;find my way bac to tennessee&quot; today. haha.
ID	2	@Laurie_J We're in the same boat.
ID	4	@TheNewBradie my tvs not working  i wanna watch vhits :'(
ID	2	@cityofedmonton - the service on the west end of #yeg is a joke after 6pm. And the 2 and 150 been late doesn't help.  #yegtransit #fail
ID	4	sadd..  last night in fl.. going back to AR tomorrow
ID	2	@coachreggie  She doesn't need a darn (watching my language) thing but that never stops her  &amp;   I mapped u. U live in the boonies :-o
ID	2	Awwww poor biggie...he puked on me in the car. Even though I had the air conditioning on FULL blast...I think it was the heat  He' ok now
ID	3	@pleazurs Woot freaking hoo, tho Mad World isn't doing well on the iTunes top #100 chart.
ID	4	I'm a sad panda, hulu doesn't have the elephant show   no Skinnamarinkydinkydink sing alongs for me.
ID	4	Unfortunately these heffas decided to take an impromptu mall trip without telling me
ID	4	@MomofCandE Miss you
ID	4	@suncito hi there! got off comp. early last nite.  saw u weren't feeling well..   hope u r better!!
ID	2	Jus sittn here thinkin....wow yo my boy is really gone! Smh yo! Its bout to be 3 weeks on Sunday!  R.I.P VON
ID	2	Having a bad day/week
ID	2	@justdaydreams Lol rite! I'm scared now  lol
ID	3	Am now a member of International Thespian Society Troupe #6492!! Now if I can only make my family stop fighting....sigh
ID	4	Literally laid in bed all day. Major headache
ID	3	@Lea_Ada_Franco I am working again!  Woo hoo!  Alas, I was unable to obtain an Elita-1 for your daughter.  It's $80!
ID	2	Circus was fun - I don't have any hope of getting out of the parking lot - haven't moved in 10 min
ID	2	why did I get airbrushed nude, if soon as i put my dress on it messed it up a little...eerrrr
ID	3	the good thing of having a fever is feeling cold, especially in such hot weather. I think I'm hallucinating lol  .
ID	4	Missing nathan and the bccg already. And my best friends that tried to visit me   Heading back tomorrow afternoon.
ID	4	I miss nicc today.
ID	2	re-dyed the hair, early start tomorrow heading down to londons clothes show, great place to be when i feel fat.   bright side = motivation
ID	4	plus.. janessa hurt my feelings
ID	2	@melissa_hope why?
ID	4	@sfitzpatrick924 bahah sadly I am not
ID	2	Why must Jay Leno leave his own show
ID	3	@cassapel Damn, I got all excited for nothing  hahaha
ID	3	tomorrow valeria's lunch!!! going to get my hair done but im arraving late   got my cousins babtizm or whatever you spell it
ID	3	You know funny thing about everyone packing for E3 is that I am packing to go to mexico... not E3
ID	2	Justin is SO warm! It makes me worry when they have a high fever and I go to sleep.
ID	4	@mlpband my heart just broke a little ... and by a little i mean a lot
ID	0	My moms Season 3 of Weeds got burnt up in a family friends mobile home.
ID	1	My moms Season 3 of Weeds got burnt up in a family friends mobile home.
ID	2	@Marcina @bifnaked bif doesn't come down far enough south for me
ID	2	@dustbunniesss i dont have a bank. i cash my shit at tom thumb. i've had four bank accounts--and they've all gone negative
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/6814w - So glad Sam is in a good mood
ID	3	enjoy the laker game for me guys! since i'll be at work
ID	2	yay! boxing!! although after the boxing, sparring &amp; eating, have to spend the rest of the evening troubleshooting java code for hw.
ID	2	Actually, I think I'll be more upset if I lost my data for Cake Mania 3. I was pretty far into the game
ID	2	wow i'm soo hungover
ID	4	@karshka Hey.  I won't be coming to town this weekend, because I don't have a day off until next friday.
ID	4	misses home on the farm
ID	2	@zarlana I took my ring out...
ID	2	@rWilliamr I'm tryin not the be boring today . . . I just can't seem to come up with thing to say
ID	3	@mygoodcents It isn't easy!  Be there for support, it is the best thing you can do is offer your love &amp; support! Lost both of mine early
ID	4	down side = i have a seat by myself  loner. please be a starbucks there.
ID	3	@ a_mccallie WOW... I am replaced already??? I thought I am coming back with my steaks
ID	2	@iDJExplicit What's wrong?
ID	4	Going to the dirt track races w Aaron. Having a really good hair day! wish I could wear makeup though
ID	4	@LeslieIN  so what was said??  I'm so bummed I missed it!.  *sigh* I want to go to california
ID	2	Stupid bipolar weather ruined my day off
ID	2	Just got a shot on my arm. Eww.
ID	2	I'm so sorry Drace  this sucks so bad
ID	2	@tobefreeisme I would be scratching ma head toooo
ID	2	Did some REAL window shopping and i found so many things i want that just happen to be over a hundred dollars.
ID	2	It's raining and I'm outside without an umbrella.
ID	4	Trying out a new Twitter client, can't seem to get a new theme applied to DestroyTwitter
ID	4	Its so windy and raining harder then the day before today   bye bye if the power gos out
ID	2	I still sound like a man!
ID	4	@iAquarian I heart Mela so so much cept last time I went they booked us in on the Saturday instead of the Friday and wouldn't feed us
ID	2	@writingforlife You know I am so ashamed. I did not watch a single episode of the new GH season.  I kept falling asleep, so I gave up.
ID	2	So I just failed my second year of med school. I don't know what to do or say.
ID	2	@richardAmills ugh im not a vip  im always vippppppp
ID	2	CHILLAXIN AT WORK...MAN I SCREWED UP
ID	3	@Jonasbrothers friends of mine just meet you today..... I can't wait until it is my turn
ID	0	Not talking to anais anymore.
ID	1	Not talking to anais anymore.
ID	0	@ThisStarChild It's just a shame what wisdom comes with age, but age destroys youth
ID	1	@ThisStarChild It's just a shame what wisdom comes with age, but age destroys youth
ID	3	@bxa2 dnt smile...im mad at u
ID	2	Guys my phone is dying!!!
ID	2	But then again I think I'm the only who pays attention to this type of thing, bout to hit this bush and pretend its purple.....
ID	3	I love being ignored except to be yelled at. I love my life.
ID	4	Leaving for Atlanta in the morning to catch JoCo and Pa &amp; St!!! I'm excited! Missed P&amp;S at D*Con last year.  That made me a sad owl.
ID	2	@DentonPolice http://twitpic.com/5wb0k - what a mess. we're missing the bra strap.
ID	0	Our plane had landed!! FINALLY gonna get to board...an hour late.  stupid rain!!!
ID	1	Our plane had landed!! FINALLY gonna get to board...an hour late.  stupid rain!!!
ID	2	@BrineandBastard What??  Nooooooooo      There goes my weekend!
ID	4	@travistubbs I'm already a fan of hulu. Too bad there's not a bigger Internet selection on netflix.  I thought that would be easier
ID	2	@MelissaPan ah the Computer's not in my room  on BBerry right now, and Youtube charges D: !! Heyy, how about you, aren't you tired XD?
ID	3	@Edit4321 cont...and then it goes to waste  no one likes stale sweets. That reminds me of this cute song called Stale Cupcakes lol
ID	3	Damn M-Audio IE-30s! I just remembered how much I &lt;3 u &amp; now the right earbud has ceased functioning  My Shure's r 2 bright w/ lame bass.
ID	3	they were actually there omg apparently a relative of marc went to my school lol
ID	3	Finally a chance to show genuine love, not dependent selfish love, I hope I can do it. My heart goes out to you and I'm sorry 4 ur pain.
ID	2	Well, looks like it is going to be another night without my snuggle bug  Missing my Big Girl.
ID	2	Wow no one loves me  @stuntmann88
ID	2	Whats is up with me! I am spilling everything
ID	2	ughh...i dont feel good
ID	3	@shortcakemlt the movie on the plane is Mall Cop- (but i saw it with the nephews already
ID	4	@CChiron - Well (as you can see) I've been blah blah blahing so much...yep. I forgot. I'm sorry   But...I'm here!
ID	3	@PassionMD hahahaha! i haven't been out with my friends since sunday! i'm so lame
ID	4	at hannah montana set.... im missing tennessee ALOT today
ID	0	Taking the caltrain to go see the giants. It's Cold and someone smells like pee
ID	1	Taking the caltrain to go see the giants. It's Cold and someone smells like pee
ID	4	@ChariceManiacs  me too! i don't know why every time i listen to it i start to cry!
ID	3	I haven't gone sheesha smoking in a loooong time  Maybe tomorrow? &gt; *starts planning*
ID	2	mmm mmm mmm! tss tsss tss. LOL, having way too much fun being bored.  i miss him
ID	3	@Jon_Aston Still looking  I filled out quite a few applications last week and once I get home I'll continue.
ID	2	@nodirectionhome biglots by my house has jesus &amp; virgin mary rings in one of those machines i rocked one for a while til that shit broke
ID	2	argh! my embouchure= FAIL! makes me sad
ID	0	@Mtn_Dew tokens haven't been working for me all day....
ID	1	@Mtn_Dew tokens haven't been working for me all day....
ID	2	@itsjenwilliams Im at work!
ID	2	Bible study cancelled   Study partner started new job with horrible hrs - Pls pray for her that hrs improve and she knows God's  provision
ID	4	whats wrong with my flickr  http://www.flickr.com/photos/frenchtoastcake/ my quilt top photo only shows when you click on it! SAD STORY!!!
ID	3	@JESS_TRUESDALE lmao! you a mess.  Im gonna be in ATL in a few weeks
ID	2	House hunting for next year= No FUN!
ID	2	@mileycyrus aww homesick  i feel you! im homesick for my 2nd home, campp
ID	2	hmm, do not feel like writing monthly reports tonight!  probably should get started though...
ID	3	@xoshattered_  i missed you. today was the greatest day ever. im burnt and shit lmfao. but it will be a nice tan. 11 rides in 6 hrs!  &lt;3
ID	2	@ThisStarChild  hope yer ok hunny
ID	2	Still no pic, very sad
ID	3	@skoduri I SLEPT THROUGH MY ALARMS  woke up at 6 instead of 4  i feel like a complete tool
ID	2	i want to see ephraim zenh tomorrow! a lot. but can i find a sitter? wtf? why does everyone have plans? it's only saturday night...sigh.
ID	4	Friday Night Magic last night, I lost so bad  I suck at draft
ID	0	@meecheeko Is a WHORE but she'll never know I said it cuz she doesn't love her twitter
ID	1	@meecheeko Is a WHORE but she'll never know I said it cuz she doesn't love her twitter
ID	3	I am so sorry i fell asleep first
ID	2	just took my shirt off and my back is COVERED in blisters  http://bit.ly/vUiXG
ID	3	@mileycyrus cool and aww
ID	2	going to bed its late and I have headache
ID	2	@sarahbellafina I'll try but silly silly tweetdeck being mean to me again
ID	0	stuck here  ~*Lady*~
ID	1	stuck here  ~*Lady*~
ID	4	is feeling very sick
ID	3	OMG! I'm Back. I Know I Was Out For A Week. Because My Brother Took His Laptop With Him To Mexico. So I Couldn't Be Online.
ID	4	@PaulaAbdul  why canceled your performance on Letterman? i'm So sad because it is less an option for you.
ID	4	Out for an evening on the town with jeremy. Sad Carrie can't come
ID	2	@bignupehen i would but i have nowhere to go and no one to go with
ID	2	Rachel and chelsey left me and jenny stole my bike.  that makes me muy triste!
ID	3	@imthinking i loveeee john ritter
ID	4	Listing to a sad song  so i am sad too
ID	2	Still raining here in The Bay...I forget what sunshine looks like !
ID	4	@mommy41402. I was like &quot;whyyyyy?!&quot;
ID	2	Watchin Grease 2 and waiting for 9 to hurry up and come so I can talk to my girl. Ugh..... it seems so far away...
ID	0	@juniper73 oh that sucks  Tell your DH to act like a grown up maybe? I'd be stressed too
ID	1	@juniper73 oh that sucks  Tell your DH to act like a grown up maybe? I'd be stressed too
ID	4	@OnyXx_B all the shows are sold out  so I have to wait til tomorrow or sunday...
ID	2	@alow8111 went to wingstop without me
ID	0	@BillyScallywag There's loads of highly qualified stuff  and loads STILL using snail mail.
ID	1	@BillyScallywag There's loads of highly qualified stuff  and loads STILL using snail mail.
ID	2	@InNoSenseLost I know. But it won't be the same
ID	4	theres nothing worse than working on a friday night and having to wake up at 6 am on a saturday. I want my babe
ID	2	could be getting sacked soon not good
ID	4	this is what i think about the world @mileycyrus at hannah montana set.... im missing tennessee ALOT today
ID	2	Just remembered I still have a summer project to do.  IT NEVER ENDS!!!!!
ID	2	i know i have lots of comments to return but i have been really busy  i'll get round to it guys, sorry
ID	2	Nuggets game with everyoneeeee except @almedina4.
ID	0	U know I didn't care for that wolverine movie and I'm a xmen fanatic. That joint sucked to me.
ID	1	U know I didn't care for that wolverine movie and I'm a xmen fanatic. That joint sucked to me.
ID	4	Josie's out of surgery. She's now officially unable to procreate. And She's way out of it... Poor medicated baby
ID	4	i know i told him i didnt want him to stay home with me but i lied, i really did want him to stay home with me
ID	2	I really wish i would hear from josh
ID	4	@shanisfearless gaah rain for tomorrow
ID	4	All alone at home.....
ID	2	Saturday will be the worst Saturday I've had in ages
ID	4	Riley had an alphabet fashion show today and I forgot my camera.  It was so cute!
ID	2	@beadqueen That doesn't sound fun
ID	0	twice in a week Qantas club lounge computers broken  #flyertalk
ID	1	twice in a week Qantas club lounge computers broken  #flyertalk
ID	2	Is about to see Adriana off for a month
ID	0	@mayabbz oh damn that sucks
ID	1	@mayabbz oh damn that sucks
ID	2	Bummer... Might not make it to the sunday show, hopefully some sun will shine on this cloudy day
ID	2	@teleject Grrrrrrrr................
ID	2	Is not going to service tonight due to the fact that i've yet to find a dress for prom tomorrow. Ugh
ID	2	at hannah montana set.... im missing tennessee ALOT today
ID	2	@alydenisof Maybe someone is trying to hack you
ID	2	@Media_Molecule play my shitty levels :-D I got a bit too ambitious on one and broke the thermometer  so it only got half done!
ID	3	just got home from a nice party, just not tired yet
ID	2	Just found out a friend and his son fell down a 25ft shaft onto concrete today. They are alive at least. Don't know much else.
ID	4	#myweakness too loving ...i always let negative people into my life
ID	2	@baba_booey it doesn't make up for the pitch
ID	2	wants New Moon.  AHH Im going crazy.
ID	2	@FlyGyrl1 I been following.... LOL.. just dont be paying attention to little ol Mylan
ID	4	@LaurenLovesJB You can't.  My Grandma will probably be on the phone. So get on AIM!
ID	2	@TheComputerNerd so haven't seen any videos the last few days  hope everything is ok...
ID	4	I'm starving!! This diet is killing me but I can't eat after 8pm
ID	3	screw it lemme click on a ticket. preetttty sure i can make it. might not make it for vermillion lies opening tho
ID	0	Being in Vegas with @donniewahlberg would be so much better then home!! This has been the day from hell!!
ID	1	Being in Vegas with @donniewahlberg would be so much better then home!! This has been the day from hell!!
ID	3	Omg they know so many words now where did the time go  here's some of there words money ball keys.
ID	2	@tomasgomez i miss you too
ID	4	@mikekang That is super sad   How is Bart etc holding up?
ID	4	Home lost the baseball game by 1 friggin' point!  Now I'm gonna scrap.
ID	2	i dont want the seniors to leave
ID	4	lonely
ID	4	such a terrible day  only six now...
ID	2	@SarahBawcum my mom wants to lay. We'll be there later. Probably a little after 10. And @AyyMedlin I'm sorry you're sick
ID	2	Theres a fricken prisnor trans outside r hotel!  3/10 so far
ID	4	@ProctorsArm at least posada had a good ab
ID	0	@branewurms that took me 3 rereads to see you didnt say eat &quot;girls&quot; instead of actually grits. I'm disappointed.
ID	1	@branewurms that took me 3 rereads to see you didnt say eat &quot;girls&quot; instead of actually grits. I'm disappointed.
ID	2	@xoxoJennxoxox i did a couple hours ago...ive got sun burn and its really uncomfortable
ID	3	@mattfazzi  I hope you get well soon! &lt;3
ID	2	can i have some followers :' ( ... i'm so sad...    NOW THAT I'M LOSING HOPE -pressure
ID	2	@katevoegele Why aren't you coming to Montreal?
ID	2	I have test tomorrow but i dont study, then i go very bad
ID	3	@albertposis congratulations ! you guys finish a month early than we do. booo
ID	3	@jmallen1012 aww i'm sorry   glad mommy took care of you. erin is in for some fun if there's a bug on you in colorado
ID	3	Double rainbow above the Organs. Pretty, but doesn't take the edge off my $460 grocery tab.
ID	4	They took my property
ID	2	Im so down! The AC in my house just broke
ID	4	Life sucks if ur not having fun.
ID	2	@emperorliu my dick feels smaller when i look at you
ID	2	Can't find any pictures  !!!
ID	4	@SashaBoucher omg! i know, and it ruins my weekend!  suree, if you want too.
ID	2	not in the mood crazii crazii highly upset now with everything &amp; everybody
ID	3	@albertposis congratulations ! you guys finish a month earlier than we do. booo
ID	4	Gossip Fluffodile here. The latest? Mad night with Teg, Jack, Lou, Tess and Frey. Had a gender war. But I was v. sad for a friend also
ID	2	@Holls77 haha I tried covering it with make up.. It doesn't work  lol so wearing a scarf is the way to go.
ID	2	my PC just died... again. now i have to find a firewire to save all those photos i havent backed up to the mac yet
ID	4	@Bookfoolery they used to have a Book Expo in Canada (Toronto) but the cancelled it this year  #BEAtwittyparty #BEAtwittyparty
ID	0	my nail broke  I haaaaaaaaate
ID	1	my nail broke  I haaaaaaaaate
ID	3	No more high school...
ID	2	@Greek4Honeybee oh no...where did your sunshine go?    *hands you a few rays of light...will this help a bit?*   ******hugs******
ID	3	victory for the bulldogs was celebrated by 3 white chocolate cheesecakes  nom nom nom WHATTA FATTYYY
ID	2	http://tinyurl.com/ateltl &lt;-- Rocksteady pt II
ID	3	ok outta all 981 of my followers, only about 10 of u ive talked to lol dont be shy i dont biteeee
ID	3	@souljaboytellem holllaaa.. i dont know what ur up doing but im trying to finish up some work for school... bout to go to bed though
ID	3	And I just love every little thing about you...
ID	3	@_everaldo on my MacBook I run Linux with Parallels and on my iMac I use VMware Fusion and both are great, especially in &quot;Unity&quot;-mode.
ID	3	I have the Job  this is a nice day it can not be better
ID	3	I'll go now.I'll watch teen nick!
ID	3	@saraLDS Thanks for that, Sara
ID	3	@Tony_Mandarich well welcome back from the dark side!
ID	3	@sai_shediddy lol , you gotta share too
ID	3	first up, make up for lost time with jelly. Jalan jalan just the 2 of us  and the rollerblading with my pumpkin. Happeh
ID	3	@redrobinrockn next one for you!
ID	3	@CPaladino My cats enjoy the sunbeams from the open windows.  I think that counts.
ID	3	I cannot wait to go to FLORIDA!!
ID	2	not goin tto tafe
ID	3	@urbanpinkpixie Susan Egan, I love her! And yeah, it said I would have a pleasant trip.
ID	0	@MrWize sike sike call it truce???????????????? u still a bitch and my ppl still gonna air u out tho
ID	1	@MrWize sike sike call it truce???????????????? u still a bitch and my ppl still gonna air u out tho
ID	2	Waiting for an email that will probably never arrive. ED later, Consti study after then hopeless bumming.
ID	3	Welcome @doeko ! Really glad to know you here. Your products rox man
ID	3	All zombie songs are now dedicated to @HAMMER32  ? http://blip.fm/~5jbib
ID	3	is happy  and clean, squeaky clean
ID	3	@Tottie Thank you, thank you!! Thought this is where all the cool kids hang out now, hehe  xoxo!
ID	2	@chaoscartel That is annoying. What gear is it? I'll take it off your hands
ID	2	I just want this semester to be over! Only a week and a half then it's moving time!
ID	3	listening to i can't wait - akon feat t pain . i love this song
ID	3	@aruky Yes, this NBA song is great!!!  Got an old funny NBA cheerleader remix song. Ohrwurm of the day &quot;colorblind&quot;.
ID	3	NEW LOGO! for all the Web, Cheak it!...gAllethOo
ID	3	@deuhlig thanks for sharing
ID	3	Having a great chat with a friend. He's totally putting my mind at ease
ID	3	goodnight twitterville! really enjoyed pearl harbor. now off to sleep and cuddle with my hot man!  i will have good dreams tonight! XOXO
ID	3	@khodgkin1 Oh! Good idea about putting them on ice cream
ID	3	@yourshyness21 lol I hear you, I think I watched about 2 - 3 different movies, when I should have been getting work done.  I'll ttyl girl
ID	3	@girlfromthemoon ...i had a yay moment today  YAY hope you did too!
ID	3	@DonnieWahlberg sounds like you all had a great night . i'm glad it was successful
ID	3	Thank god camera fixed itself. I want a new ipod
ID	3	Woop, have just bought the Elliot Minor album on itunes. Its finally working for me!!
ID	3	@mikebreed There's a reason why they're so cute at times - to prevent you from throwing them overboard when they scream every 2 hrs...
ID	3	@nicolesssss  no, dayuuum 5o'clock was better
ID	2	@JRHIGHTOWER  you told me u would be there...lol! Hmmmm where were u.....
ID	4	@shaundiviney u no there was no point pointing it out yesterday and ppl had 2 wait til midnight .... they were kinda pissed
ID	3	@alibalijeweller I'm come and try to find you and be your fan too
ID	3	@DavidArchie I'm watching some of your videos in YouTube. You're funny David.  Oh and TALENTED of course!
ID	3	@LeilaniLi thks 4 the follow, and @newest tweets, i returned the love
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4j8us - It is interesting that VS2003 generates a setup script for uninstall.
ID	2	@RealBillBailey Morning! Are u back in blighty Bill? Hope u had a lovely time away
ID	4	@DavidArchie want to hear something funny? I'm yours is on the radio right now!
ID	3	@VIbeauty we will work on that mama  sweetdreams!
ID	3	@eishbo0 you can do it
ID	3	nothings better then going out for chinese at the supperinn with ma fave cousins at 1am
ID	2	I am up and feeling pretty damn gud! I dont even have a hangover what a nice feeling
ID	2	Drinkin' Chai tea and not sleeping.. and checkin' out some cool peeps
ID	3	New @shackletonmusic single bought! It is awesome!! Well done boys!
ID	3	@amyyyxoxo ahh I gtg but pls help me with number 3 I'll come back later to see what u said  haha plz and thank u
ID	3	@zhayrar lol well thank you
ID	3	Can't wait for SYTYCD tour with Ashleighhh &amp; Izzayyy
ID	2	@KatiexCobraYo awww boo! I fucking lovee doing all the girly thingss
ID	3	thankyou short stack for bringing out a second sydney show,, now im going to both  im so thankful for you guys being so good 2 ur fans
ID	3	finally gone!!!
ID	3	@CeesDope_  ahhhhaaa bangbros.com! psshh nigga its all about onionbooty.com
ID	2	@ifixitlive Hey never realized that you also get a Twitter account.  Your guides are truly many times a lifesaver to me.
ID	3	good job!
ID	3	@cathyah I love it...that's going to be one of my new fave quotes.
ID	3	I love the sunshine and the happiness it brings
ID	2	@bebeisis  thanks bebeisis that is right is your name by any chanve elisabeth???
ID	3	@heyrbk ohh shardup! hehe. hes hot lah, gotta admeeet! bleh.
ID	0	cleaning cleaning cleaning today then working out!  i love not working!
ID	1	cleaning cleaning cleaning today then working out!  i love not working!
ID	0	Chem wasn't better than physics. And now I'm so tired. @natasya_astri HAHAHA NTN BBF JUGA YA? Hihi gue sukanya Jun Pyo?
ID	1	Chem wasn't better than physics. And now I'm so tired. @natasya_astri HAHAHA NTN BBF JUGA YA? Hihi gue sukanya Jun Pyo?
ID	3	@living_autism BUT on the bright side you're on twitter! Morning!
ID	3	@Petty01 Happy Birthday and cheers to PAO!!
ID	0	is home  excited that gemma is getting her breaking dawn MWAHAHAH (evil laugh)...is angry with hopeless assholes ...
ID	1	is home  excited that gemma is getting her breaking dawn MWAHAHAH (evil laugh)...is angry with hopeless assholes ...
ID	2	@justinchuan Awww!  I was thinking about you lot up there!  Glad you enjoyed it.
ID	3	@730Fam yeah you are right! but my mom can cook like she is straight from the island! make sure you invite me to your fam restaurant
ID	3	@cel_xox ur really smart
ID	3	@geoffsays Thanks for the link Geoff
ID	3	aaahhh, showers are great
ID	3	i won because im awesome
ID	4	I was crying all of Tuesday cos I find out! ;( .... Economics is offically my crying subject lol
ID	3	@gerdiend Woman!!  hope you have a relaxing monday as I have, cu later on this sunny monday @westerkerk
ID	2	@YaaaaZ so don't bother urself
ID	3	finally having my cup of coffee!!!
ID	3	Just hangin out at home, watchin twiligghhttt ( and readin it (AGAIN!!) lol School sukked today Bahaha
ID	3	@brittannyy14 yea i know right! i love that song!
ID	3	@antsrants it's driving me insane!  all i want is a lie in!!!
ID	2	@BroncMurphy  I agree people should be able to cohabitate with whomever they choose
ID	3	For @mizhalle  ? http://blip.fm/~5jbp3
ID	2	@Jocey17 ITS A BANK HOLIDAY STUPID!! wait, they don't have bank holidays in America... Okay keep on celebreting
ID	3	@carmenforward no way - those are great words.  Boys don't get to own them.    Oh and was it your bday?
ID	3	Hi all, just recovering from a party, looking forward to an exciting bank holiday around the diy shops...life cant get much better.surely
ID	3	You won't believe how long this took to achieve... Still all done and my car is happy again  - Photo: http://bkite.com/0783l
ID	3	says i got 2 cards today, from eva n clara. thanks, guys.  http://plurk.com/p/roo6c
ID	3	im back. wooooo!!!  i want to have my own press release :|
ID	3	@savagemike  Yep, I like animals better than some humans too!
ID	2	@michael611 would you settle for a 76 Mustang II Ghia? ...nope... probably would not be the same
ID	3	omg, I never knew that Wikipedia also lists the shades of colours, it's cool
ID	3	Revelation: Strawberries and Nutella taste reeaaalllly good together...
ID	3	Another one popped up a human being. Congrats Nana and Wan.  Baby Iris is a cutie.
ID	2	@thatglamchick ok.... tx  it's so worth the wait! lol...***
ID	3	@mskiannathediva  He's awesome... Have you worked with him before? He's a good friend.
ID	3	Well Done , Visteon Belfast, 2 years salary paid. Just shows what happens when you stand up for yourself
ID	3	its my bday!!! I'm gettin older!
ID	3	@DavidArchie I tweet sooo much about you. Gahd.  Hahaha!
ID	3	@williamduncan the archetype thing was for a comm. class that studied archetypes in popular media. reading your links now, thanks
ID	3	@algibbs thanks for that, now i learned something new today  enjoy.
ID	2	@urbansmiler Is it possible to a have phobia of phobias? Afraid to look at list.
ID	3	I WANNA GO THERE, WHERE YOU GO. I WANNA FIND OUT WHAT YOU KNOW..     DAVID AND MILEYYYYYY! ??
ID	3	heading out to (a long)band practice. last one before our first show on Saturday night. Hope it's a good one  http://digg.com/u12MIW
ID	2	@xxm0rgann aww morgan, i wish i could have realized that a while ago instead of putting myself through it.. your strong and i love you&lt;3
ID	3	Hey Dubbo RSL turkey roast circa 1995. Know it's been a while, just wanted to let you know I still think about you from time to time
ID	3	@SashaKane I am absolutely craving a brownie with ice cream right now. FedEx some over!
ID	3	@iloveicetea haha when is it? good luck babe  &amp; UPLOAD A PHOTO, WILL YA ?
ID	3	and these awesome tweeples too!  @xoNessCullenxo @xoJasperHalexo @xoEmmettC35xo @oxTanyaDenaliox @xoEsmeCullenxo
ID	4	The dj's and partypeople were great again at CC. Kicking  Next one June 7
ID	4	@allankent @andywalton oo, oo, I must compete... let me login to my work email to see if I can top that
ID	3	@DavidArchie OK David, talk later  Have a great dayyyy ay ay ay ay
ID	2	@MsSdot23 and thats why your azz lost hater lol  love you
ID	4	@RaspberryHatter  aw. that sounds amazing  But I think I have work. Thank you for inviting me though
ID	4	Sigh. I'm getting off the computer now to do even MORE homework... Bye
ID	4	in school, wants to read Eclipse, 200-and-some-60 pages read
ID	3	I just finished first season six feet under
ID	3	Enjoyed the Waller reunion very much! The Wallers are back in town
ID	3	@hrcolors Maybe it had a hot date with a nice little Cesna.
ID	3	@kyspeaks  Yah, they have footlong sausage too mah. But Halal place..piggy sausages are bigger
ID	2	Waiting on laundry to finish so I can go HOME. Think I'll do my nails while I wait
ID	4	Morning all - woken by neighbour's kids screaming in the garden before 8am so not in a very benevolent mood...  you have been warned!
ID	3	@galacticfaerie Sounds great. I'm looking forward to it then
ID	3	@moonfrye LOL and that's why I use my iPod touch
ID	3	hehe tweet time... bastos talaga chux
ID	3	...love and wanted to share with my followers. feeling inspirational. ive had a long day.
ID	4	@LarryBenet Per Taylor Dayne conversation.  It's official I am now jealous of you.
ID	3	@velvetella Bye ! Have a great time being whisked away
ID	3	@BoomKatt yes yes I AM, networking whore to the fullest.......and this girl is rih next to me
ID	3	ohh. i didnt double tweet a while ago, did i? now i did.
ID	2	Fancy is a 187 hun got u doin things u aint never done
ID	3	Good morning world
ID	3	@alicedric can't wait for it. i love your scripts. honestly, you should have a future career as a script writer  - Stock Twits
ID	3	@DavidArchie if you don't mind, change your profile pic with a picture of you in UK. It'll be fun
ID	3	@MrMaxROI Hey, it's good to see you here! Will now follow you. Would be nice to have a photo!
ID	3	just woke up, no school today, we are free
ID	3	im still waitin for my girl to come home...i wanna go shopping
ID	3	Tweet you later, have a wonderful day.
ID	3	Last song .. then I really have to go  ? http://blip.fm/~5jbvo
ID	0	@DavidArchie Good luck! If I remember right, everything in England is a rip off, anyway! And next time, write me back! Haha
ID	1	@DavidArchie Good luck! If I remember right, everything in England is a rip off, anyway! And next time, write me back! Haha
ID	3	Got my braces tightened today. Then I got McDonalds! HAHA  Sport tomorrow yay yay yay! Netball tryouts.. wish me luck to make the team! :l
ID	2	Have lots 2do as usual! laundry, thanking God, cleaning house, praising God, cutting the hedge and thanking and praising God some more!
ID	3	@Rosiecosy Thanks for sympathy. It wasn't too bad until about an hour ago when I started thinking of the appointment tomorrow.
ID	3	tafe was actually quite good. for once
ID	4	@neo_kryptik the usual... applications, checking statuses, reading stuff that's ... wel... not arbit  etc
ID	3	True to form, Bank Holiday Monday looks like it might be rainy. Hope it holds off til later, family&amp;friends plan walk and picnic today
ID	3	@tracymacy Thanks for follow. Was just adding you from your twitter page, after commenting your blog
ID	4	@Kayleigh_Stack i wish i could go to both but i don't think i'll be allowed :p either way with two shows going your bound to get a ticket
ID	0	@chicalit finding a place to crap on the move eh? Whoever said technology is crap?
ID	1	@chicalit finding a place to crap on the move eh? Whoever said technology is crap?
ID	3	@MODELCHiCK2 thank u soooooo much lil mama xoxo
ID	3	@MFlanders no I like be able to say it and it be the truth. Instead of some magical mystery tour I get led on.
ID	3	@DavidArchie Yeahhh you do that lol
ID	3	&lt;3 KoRn... You guys are champions of the world
ID	3	@Lilctownroaster I just added a butt to your name in my phone after I made you go home in the cold. Because I love you!
ID	3	Not really  but its work so yea kinda
ID	3	@oliyoung it's stable, faster than 2.x and working.
ID	3	@wickedgirl24 glad you like it
ID	3	@RealBillBailey haven't read that book, but heard of it. Feed, spay, love is a great motto for pet owners  although there is more involved
ID	3	Photo: Great night.  http://tumblr.com/xmo1pgymj
ID	3	would like june the nineteenth to hurry it self up, as she is waiting very impatiently to see wes carr
ID	2	the era of the word - 'UN' (not united nations lar) is coming on fast - Unconference, Unreason, ... better get those domains !
ID	3	@clarinette02 I am most honoured to receive a Twit tout en francais. But my French not good enough to pick up les nuances en 140...   LOL
ID	3	@robinmeure &gt; &quot;live Q&amp;A 24/7&quot;... definitely the best part of twitter for me
ID	3	@amber_benson  Woohoo! Well Done! I started Macarena-ing too
ID	3	@jkreeftmeijer Yup theory is GREAT but the reality is beyond imagination...  I also made the same planning not knowing VS will FAIL on me
ID	3	Bank holiday mondaaaaaay   Exams tomorrow  D:
ID	2	@mybellavita just clicked on your bio. You're in Cantazaro!? Have been to Italy several times. But never Calabria!
ID	3	Lots of other people are very polite tho and ask if they can approach
ID	3	is damn happy. One for the end of exams and another...hehehe.  CROSSES FINGERS.
ID	3	@vene2ia Thanks!  I am doing good... Did you read any of my blog posts?
ID	2	@creampuffs_star v. good. i thought you were registered na?
ID	3	@Gennargh I also have a brain tumor called Jeffery.
ID	3	is excited. Lots of good things happening work-wise here in Melbourne
ID	3	recovering from mexican fiesta. Had a bit too much of a good time!
ID	3	@violetasvk cool
ID	2	I should sleep. I've got like 5-6 hours to sleep before work. Then I've got Tuesday- Thursday off... sweet
ID	4	@geewhy  You're just jealous!  Guess you'll be walking around the office tomorrow in your Malo!
ID	3	New baby arrived yesterday. A fab baby boy at 2.8 kilo  Very proud and happy
ID	3	@joeymcintyre You bet!...I'll be there in spirit (I'm in the UK really LOL) Like the pic BTW xx  x
ID	3	which is why i can't wait till i move out of home and life by myself next year  WACKY ADVENTURES EVERY DAY!!!!!
ID	3	I'm glad that I called him cause our relationship is clear now. Just happy to hear his voices eventhough he's absent from school
ID	3	@miasmom1 Awhhh age doesn't matter, you awesome lady you!
ID	2	@ainzneal LOL  I'm the night owl queen - why you up?
ID	4	Waking up with Star Wars End Title Song in my had is sorta awesome .. and also kinda creepy
ID	3	@GlitzyGloss Hello!! sounds very good, you can count on me, I follow you!!!
ID	2	@daisytalk yeah, I had a suspicion about that!! I think I'm going to come home and want to spend a ton of money on tools!
ID	4	i get so sucked in to true life, and that steve-o documentary was intense, i love that shit, it's nice to see people get their lives back
ID	3	is choosing to do britney for the dance showcase! yesss  cant wait. 58 days....
ID	3	#musicmonday Nicest Thing from Kate Nash
ID	3	still awake..doing my assignments and playing virtual farming
ID	3	@vene2ia Great!
ID	3	I think more people would buy the Slap chop, if the commercial was like this: http://bit.ly/vQIUf
ID	3	@BearNoiz Played An.World, played Flashback, played Starcon 2, played Fallout, played every Psygnosis game out for the Amiga and the ST
ID	2	i'm still in bed and on the laptop ...yep borin !!!
ID	3	just watched JONAS. It was funny.
ID	3	@damohopo Come to Rochester with me and Nikki. Beer and a Hog Roast always helps.
ID	2	@snedwan Mooooooooornin'  How are you? Are your legs ok?
ID	3	@mariekehardy this will make you feel better. Will down a cocktail or 2 in your honour. Now get retorting  http://twitpic.com/4j91r
ID	3	badminton marathon tonight!  please cooperate feet!
ID	3	watching a movie and rocking my baby kitty who is asleep in my sling hanging from my neck. So cute
ID	3	@PeopleBrowsr nice new profile picture! Glad to see some friends in there
ID	3	@DavidArchie  AWOOOOGAHHHHHH!!!! heheee hope you get some decently priced breakfast real quick, David
ID	3	morning everyone! another dat of school
ID	3	@shaundiviney THATS BETTER! lol
ID	4	Hangin out and drinkin beers with @muffclassic ..dude brought me a new pair of purple kicks.. I'm gonna wear them on the Act III cover..
ID	3	@smeykunz  *shrugs* So do I but it was too funny plus you know you enjoyed it Tweet Whore ..   Love you..
ID	2	@Meghaaa lol. sounds like don't call me babe  have done that too !! have you thought that over ?
ID	3	@JuwalBose oops, eldhose bhai uploaded the same too, Did you read the hindu's article on BarCamp? Binny rocks man
ID	3	@ginny9577 I'm researching NYC stuff.
ID	3	supernatural is back on tonight !!
ID	0	@AndriaAndCo  Don't forget Twitter, the bastard step-child of enablers
ID	1	@AndriaAndCo  Don't forget Twitter, the bastard step-child of enablers
ID	3	Morning.. Coffee and fresh air
ID	3	@MaheshKukreja Welcome!
ID	3	but omg mummy bought me ice-cream!
ID	3	@deversum good morning Hazel  caffeine-shot?
ID	2	Realizing that I don't have school today... or tomorrow... or for the next few months.  I really need to get on those job applications!
ID	3	@niuts14 Our weekend was also great... two friends of Julia were here for four days...
ID	3	I'm excited for the things for Jay's room to arrive
ID	3	Ah. Bank holiday morning...reading Elle in bed and getting excited for a roast dinner in Sheering later
ID	3	@abstractg @grendel @tigertigercb woohoo! I got the Sunbeam Caf Series grinder at Eu Foods for only $198! Epic win
ID	3	really really wants to go and see Coraline.
ID	3	@pixelbase @steverumsby I care about Eurovision! And yes, they have a 50% jury-based vote this year  #eurovision2009
ID	3	12:46AM. HAppy birthday little sister of mine. Also, good night Priscilla
ID	2	@ShalG  aaah k..am like a fan incarnated,so kinda like a mutant. till date, Ghalib has never *yet* left my questions unanswered
ID	3	because he @the_real_nash wants to be an honorary Filipino  i'll follow him now ;)) thanks @daxvelando!
ID	3	looking forward to coffee and driving tomorrow. really
ID	2	YES! Im down to 50% full on my dvr  i was at 98% like 3 days ago... lol I swear if I didnt have a dvr I would never watch tv
ID	3	@Emmmaa___ haha was it good? i bet it was
ID	3	mmm  eating tostitos &amp;&amp; piknik with spinach dip from S&amp;R. &lt;3
ID	3	Cuba trip booked
ID	3	@puerhan Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
ID	2	making mashed potatoes, and vegies to go with @JoelyRighteous's t-bone steak for when he gets home
ID	3	@chainsawchelsea If it's any consolation, you're definitely one of the hottest GG's, IMHO
ID	2	right guys i have to go
ID	3	@khali_blache Night! Doze well.
ID	3	Today celebrating two new people becoming australian citizens. I am hoping for a good dinner.
ID	3	@DonnieWahlberg  &quot;donnie rocks&quot; if u could only here it my 2year old runs around every where sayin &quot;donnie rocks&quot;
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4j95z - I don't know why, but I LOLd.
ID	3	@merdujapon Really all that? I'll look for it and will report back
ID	3	@Somaya_Reece naw missed it and the video cool looking sexy
ID	3	@maydbs Its looking like June - nice right?
ID	2	@monnie Not really, injured so can't do much exercise. The KG's are coming on already. Also still looking to rent some place!!  Fun times!
ID	3	Prom was awesome.
ID	3	good to have a (boy)friend like you
ID	3	Joey's getting a new lizard... This should be fun  x
ID	3	9100 tweets....just living the rockstar life one tweet at a time.
ID	2	@maxiec Hope the train remembers the way - they can go a bit loopy on bank holidays
ID	3	possessed beyond certainty that she has made the rite decision
ID	2	@taaaschi It's driving you insane? Really? It's Sterling Knight playing Chad Dylan Cooper on Sonny With A Chance
ID	3	@TerriCook  Well I hope you have had a good weekend and even more so have a good day at work 2moro its already monday here,so far so good
ID	3	@RealBillBailey good moring mr bailey, it is my birthday today
ID	3	i likee you  a lott lott .  think you really hot hot (8) good night
ID	2	Seen the doctor today. Everything was fine! Might go for ultrasound scan just as a precaution
ID	3	likes the reports from testers of his new package for Synology diskstations  http://plurk.com/p/ror5d
ID	2	Bruno arghhhh i cant wait
ID	3	spending a 'girly' day wif my four big sisters! shopping. pedicures and dyeing eachother's hair. ohh yeah
ID	3	@johna404 Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
ID	4	@katrin_l unfortunately not.my work ties me down 4 the whole summer.but if there's a eu-tour this fall,I'll be there!  I want a rebound
ID	2	based on the similarity between &quot;May the 4th be with you&quot; and &quot;May the force be with you&quot; today it's the &quot;Star Wars Day&quot;
ID	3	Would really like to buy death note 1 &amp; 2 later this week  I loved those movies!
ID	3	@ELLISNYC we should all be down to earth. don't none of us walk on water  I'm just some horny nerd trying to find my way thru life lol
ID	3	@Abbie12 Thanks! Welcome back!
ID	3	@roel247 Thank you good sir, it has been a surprisingly good afternoon, very productive
ID	3	@Ryanimay Welcome home!  Glad you made it home safe!
ID	3	i finished new moon  in 1 day all up. maybe less, im quite proud, now who wants to lend me eclipse haha
ID	3	Ay dios mio! 2 weeks left of college!!! AH CAN'T WAIT!!
ID	3	yeye! let's tweet again tomorrow, honey
ID	3	@mileycyrus i dnt think i can ever get tired of&quot;The Climb&quot;its just 1 of those sngs u'll always remember  ...
ID	3	@eltonmcmanus  &amp; to you matey
ID	3	I go to &quot;User Experience Roundtable Hamburg - Detlev Fischer on Accessibility, BITV Test&quot; https://www.xing.com/events/333622 Don't miss!
ID	3	@mnoxon The fans have found you!!
ID	3	now we are cuddling.  girl cuddles are so fun and soft
ID	3	@RaptheRenegade all good! Take a rest
ID	3	just got back from the long weekend
ID	3	Watching Dr. Horrible with @Bobwieck. @jenhansen don't be mad!
ID	3	@WOMADABUDHABI  glad you liked it-  he's done loads of arrangements but that was the only one i could find on blip
ID	3	Weekend is over :\ Hope you all had a great weekend
ID	3	@18_2 Hey, Thanks 4 The Advice &amp; Support
ID	3	Sleepy Tabz is heading to bed.  Fun night! Listened through the next episode of Joss'd!
ID	2	@ryanodonnell Can't you guys do something on CO-OP about Grim Fandango? Don't you wanna see it on XBLA/PSN? Call Tony Plana!  Call Tim!!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4j99z - a gift from my boyfriend... this little guy keeps me company at night
ID	3	Hello  Back to work today after a week of vacation !
ID	2	@AgesTheGreat tell him ill beat him up if he doesnt share
ID	3	@marygrrl aww  loves you! way too cute ;)
ID	2	@coliwilso  not much blipping lately, but i'll get onto that for you.
ID	3	is gonna have an irish wedding
ID	3	@roynuj thank you  Feel much more relaxed now that everything isn't as scary as in the beginning
ID	3	@mistressmia And U are doing Brilliantly sweetie!!!   Blessings and Joy to you!!!
ID	2	What a great day! Time with some family, an amazing voice studio party at my prof's home, and a finance study date with @allyson_marie!
ID	3	wlcome @johiw44 - i'm proud of my girlfriend
ID	4	@beltranm hello  I'm up late playing on the internet. I love you!
ID	3	Just finished studying for Abnormal Psychology. Eek. I still have two more days. I'll do more than fine
ID	3	toodaayy!
ID	3	@JennaMadison Ooh, coffee!  Great idea...  want one??
ID	3	@amber_benson Looks like fun doing the Macarena with a live band!
ID	2	Hey dudes, 4AM. Please check out my blog at http://stevencohmer.blogspot.com and my youtube channel http://youtube.com/stevencohmer
ID	3	@DavidArchie Touch My Hand video = simply amazing.  Love it.
ID	2	@atlteabagged ur not blind  i was just browsing &amp; saw ur tweet &amp; figured i could answer ur query plus i wanted to know too
ID	3	I know what would make me really tired, put me to sleep and I would sleep good!  ...RICE!!! Lmao!
ID	3	@jnacool I dont understand sensex..but wow!
ID	3	Good day today tomorrow will be even better
ID	2	@Broooooke_ omg and you never would believe what we did. ahaha, i loved it. but it felt like a movie, but REAL!!
ID	3	@djinfrared Sounds pretty cool. Great job man!
ID	3	Have a huge block of snack chocolate here. Tis calling my name already
ID	3	@jasonhoun Haha of course! That's my favorite album of all time
ID	2	LOL! Made a huge mess of my school shirt, was using charcoal sticks in 2D art
ID	3	@Editorables Haha.. Hey you should check out @NatHistoryWhale  Love her/his tweets
ID	3	@LadyAnne525 It will give me lulz from time to time.
ID	2	@shadiya I hope you were feeling better today!
ID	3	@EMarketingGuru Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
ID	3	dinner was awesome. Im so happy my mom enjoyed her bday  I was able to spoil her yay lol
ID	3	@deepbluesealove Yeah it was great to be outside without rain/snow &amp; cold air! Love the sunny days
ID	3	@thakkar I knw maan! i was gonna say the same thing. We both would become omelettes and others would become chapathis
ID	3	@TheEngTeacher I did for years and then moved over to an IBM compatible.  Would love to have both on my desk!   Can you call me a techie?
ID	3	@Felitherandom Ohmygosh. I KNOW. That would make my night for SURE. lol.  Goodnight!
ID	3	@pokr thanks for the retweet  poker is the best card game on earth
ID	3	@QuestCon That gave me a great smile. Nice way to end the day. You are so right
ID	3	lovely night of steve-o and family guy. off to bed.
ID	3	@longnu Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
ID	3	@feedmecupcakes I just wanted to say, that you have the best screen name ever. That is all.
ID	3	loves her some worship papers. and had a fantastic day. the Lord is good. and constantly surprises me.
ID	3	Ah, the bank holiday shift at work. What fun
ID	2	@Aquilaquail Lol - I could have written that - would be good to have 2 Mondays this week, then I might catch up x
ID	2	@clarissa61190 and if you want to leaveeeee I can guranteee, you won't find nobody, else like meeee
ID	3	@HOTTVampChick Excellent, he will never know, lmao.
ID	3	Wrapped up some html/java work now spending the night dabbling in some flash intros
ID	2	night night dollies  you are al so amazing
ID	2	@mmitchelldaviss THAT WAS SICK! i was like 'oh no, she's gonna hit the kid.' which is probably the usual response. i am oh so original
ID	3	@adambusch So the man behind the awesome Macarena vid. Great work. Love it.
ID	3	Good mornin twitterers, watching my first naruto of the day and it happens to be the 100th episode  lovely juvely
ID	2	@DonnieWahlberg so wish I was there with ya, but at 6:48am Belgian time I was sleeping...time diff sucks. Take me there!
ID	3	1 more day!
ID	3	@rajrikhy Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
ID	3	I've been slacking on the blips... but a nice mellow one before I go to sleep.  ? http://blip.fm/~5jcfo
ID	3	@prieurdp awesome... let us know how the cloud setup goes, I'm very keen on trying it myself as well
ID	3	yeah so Prom Night is now the Craft (good movie)
ID	3	@davidalexanderm fantastic, love all things Krautrock
ID	2	@beccaRAR I like to support my friends  It's sad that I'm your only friend though
ID	3	@hokulii Thanks. End up going to Makino Chaya
ID	3	okay, really going now...STOP MAKING ME LAUGH LIKE THAT!!
ID	3	@Airbase woOt!
ID	3	Kicking like crazy.
ID	2	@Free2b_you Ah! Haha that's exciting. If I ever come to Australia we are definitely gonna have a movie night, FYI
ID	3	morning! just got my coffee
ID	3	@sublime98 Milk, Gran Torino, Bolt, Bride Wars, New In Town (yeah I got through a few...) Damn I love longhaul
ID	3	To make a long day short--I did nothing. =D well, I had some friends over they just left (3:55am) We have been drinking since 9.  Smashed
ID	3	watching &quot;Knowing&quot; and lovin it
ID	3	had a funny time at neball against PLC  score: 48-3. what a game.
ID	2	@langleyjoel @jenn_langley Hi guys! Guess who has Twitter on her phone now? Me!
ID	2	i am! lol its just i got used 2 talkin 2 ya..!
ID	3	@chrisanag lol i know but it was just so funny, ahaha
ID	3	@zombiegrrl99 thanks, i feel a lot better now.. but it hurt like hell!!!  good luck with the lousy student writing.
ID	3	Headed up to WMC for the day. Hopefully I'll have enough time to swing by Chinatown on the way home. I'm in the mood for duck!
ID	3	Watched Yes Man, it was good  http://tinyurl.com/dbrc88
ID	2	trying to figure it out
ID	3	it's a perfect day to throw back your head and kiss it all good bye - love it, so cheerful!!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jckp
ID	3	@Veggie_ thatd be likely, bein that i lived on campus ha...i just moved back to the cov
ID	3	The top 5 words I've tweeted: hug, good, people, fun, twitter. http://tinyurl.com/dcxoty ... that's really quite nice
ID	2	@ work. Reachable on my mobile...
ID	3	may the fourth be with you! happy star wars day
ID	3	loves finding new followers
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4j9eo this is  how it looks at nights
ID	2	@jaybranch  Hey thats good, my Daughter's still asleep and Son is drawing, better feed him v soon
ID	2	@WollemiPine probably because it's getting chilly here
ID	3	@joecommisso oh ok kool  keep me informed bout that checked ur paged its nice
ID	3	Engaged May 1st to the best guy  I could not be happier! I love you Jay!
ID	3	@djruss99 love session 2 of king of queens
ID	3	@Mandarific well on a day off you owe it to yourself to sleep in late
ID	3	@Gaethe Lol, yes  Hence my wanting to watch more!
ID	4	@AKAVirtualPA Everything and Nothing Hmmmmmmm
ID	3	@princessmargo We saw that in none 3D - the baddie's the best
ID	3	@nuttychris Aww thank you for asking people to follow me
ID	3	@miss_tattoo Hey girl. I'm a new follower - I think it's awesome you've gotten the chance to get so close to Donnie. Very cool!!
ID	2	must be time to go home - yes indeedy
ID	4	Storm system that looked to bring us rain today is going to miss us
ID	3	Just got back from the karaoke bar in the metreon!!! Watching millionaire matchmaker
ID	3	@dannnnnniiiie lol brandy and mr whiskers is on
ID	4	@kirbis007 i trusted matt with my life in that picture. funnnn night though
ID	3	My 2 favorite things. Fuzzball and Swine Flu  http://tinyurl.com/dhpol7
ID	2	@b_club wished I could have been there last night. Sounds like it was rocking! Can't wait to see pix or vids
ID	3	@onein36million Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
ID	3	@Karen230683 morning  hope u r well.. i'm off to bed soon!
ID	3	@pauliniunia its the best show EVER!
ID	3	Looking at our photo shoot pics...check out our myspace pics to see them...i love them all...
ID	3	@AlviHalderman Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
ID	3	Monday morning bathing - soooo relaxing! If I was a lady of luxury I would start every day like this
ID	3	@barbsaka I love finding regional groups of Twitterers! Glad I could connect you with a few new people
ID	3	@alivicwil She's so funny!!! I wish she were my grandma
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4j9fb - I really love this picture!
ID	3	The sun is shining
ID	3	@amber_benson Loved it! You continue to delight us Amber.    Great job on the backing and the video by @adambusch. Kudos.
ID	3	@spookerlabs it's called a telephone. I know it's new technology, but it's the way forward!
ID	3	@ihatemornings great show on Friday champ. Enjoyed it
ID	3	ehh i need a break. gonna do 3pg essay 2m before work at 5. going to bed now. gym in the morning! nightttt
ID	3	@jaackyx ha you'll do fine! just be positive!  &amp;aha i know huh. wht a long conversation. i remeber you and allyson did even lnger ones! x]
ID	3	@mafraederscheid did the house sale go OK? Hope so, really like your daily painting today, have a creative day
ID	3	@Amaury_Polanco Hi I have uploaded 5 completely new Chinese Lessons on www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn Please feel free to watch and enjoy
ID	3	@alsprincess I break some rules and don't take tension for them  .....
ID	2	@LILELLAY i am! lol its just i got used 2 talkin 2 ya..!
ID	3	MY GOSHHH :3 A NEW FOLLOWER  hi there! i won't rape you! i lie. &gt;:]
ID	3	@girlwhoshould but it's fun when they blatantly ignore the advice
ID	4	@NileyLover09 well i`m a little bit sick but i`m fine
ID	3	Editors read this and nod, writers read this and take notes.  http://tinyurl.com/crm4c2
ID	3	@xMyLifesAStoryx well uhm i guess u pretty do now dont u? lol but it still sounded good
ID	2	@Samproof Black Russians makes me think of a &quot;white russian&quot; and this movie quotation: &quot;that rug really tied the room together.&quot;
ID	3	@DebPenner Deb,, I am looking forward to exploring simple=ology/Mark Joyner.  I'll be back in about 10 hours.
ID	3	@zoeatthedisco lol hell yes i'm keen. WE'RE GOING SKIING AT TREBLE CONE SOMETIME THIS WINTER
ID	3	@DarryleP Am busy yes...But then always am. Hope you had a great time traveling.  Where did you go?  Welcome back!
ID	2	They don't know that I like him cause I've never ask them bout him.oh well I guess your right. I feel abit better now
ID	3	Getting my self a nice cup of tea and turn on some music
ID	3	YAY mom bought me the Sakura bodyshop lotion!  &lt;3
ID	3	@lukeylukess u were awesome at the bull and bush the other day   cant wait to see u at the loft x
ID	4	says everyone was busy  http://plurk.com/p/rou4v
ID	2	@xthemusic did you drink too much? the best cure is a fry up
ID	3	@StDAY Dude, that is eerie. Good song though, and a good movie.
ID	2	@hellivina you work really hard so, sometimes you need a break, haha.  so, yeah...just let me know if you need help in anythin'.
ID	3	Zelda Fans!!! pand_i - Zelda: The minnish cap, and a want for more music taste: Zelda = epic  I&amp;#.. http://tinyurl.com/d7jvop
ID	4	Eminem 3AM ... Freaking Awsome!!! ... Im Going Back Too... Seams Like Something big is inside me... and no...is not a Alien
ID	2	@daxxbondoc thanks Daxx you too!  God Bless you brother!
ID	3	@jason_2008 Well, having to revise them!  Was to do some more gardening, now, I guess hoovering and some warcraft  Not played in a week !
ID	2	@MissxMarisa Borat is just so damn quotable.   ++ do you want the link to it?
ID	4	@emmyrossum ah  Hate it when that happens! The Race to Erase MS is this week. Are you going?
ID	3	@SteffaniYu haha! i see...  go, wear BLUE! ) heey, ur watching JONAS! hahaha ) haven't watched any ep yet.. hope it shows here soon!:p
ID	3	@gi_ri_ja good morning, It's nice to see you!
ID	3	@magullo thank you alot
ID	3	I just got twitter for my palm  &lt;3
ID	4	@hot30 can you please have a short stakc competition
ID	3	chillin with the neighbor
ID	3	So happy that it's FINALLY May!    The Indy 500.  Was there for the horrors of 1973, yet I still remain held captive by Indy's spirit...
ID	3	Really this time. G'night. I have my new song of the week in the morning!
ID	3	Built a mini CDN over the past few days.. only has 3 locations (AU, EU, US) but it has GeoIP - quite fun to meddle with
ID	3	But on the bright side...no school
ID	3	@cosmicgirlie good luck!! How exciting
ID	3	@aplusk and Amanda Peet in A lot Like Love. Loves it.. Classic, really
ID	3	lol haha very funnyyy lol im talking to my bestfriend ashleyyyy!!!
ID	4	THiNKiNG 0f HiM  &lt;3
ID	3	@bbrooke yeah surrrrrously. we win
ID	2	@rhettroberts sexxxxxxxy  I had a silly weekend with my bff =P Fun times! Haha
ID	2	is sitting in her nan's bathroom dying her hair for the x factor auditions tomorrow
ID	3	Waking up early to go to the gym
ID	3	@codingvictim nice to have you back
ID	3	at school... can't wait to get  out of here today...get my tattoo at 3
ID	2	@kyleandjackieo or, Green Day: boulevard of broken dream, Hinder: lips of an angel, Howie Day: collide - that was such a nice song
ID	2	ITO EN Tea Apple IS DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!! (looks like I need to go to Don Quihote to buy more!!) goodnight
ID	3	Having rice crispies this morning  Brings back some good memories!
ID	3	@kelliekado Happy Birthday! I hope you are doing well and had a great Birthday day
ID	3	woo well done nadine
ID	2	Been invited to join a group in Second Life called &quot;Ballistic Autistics&quot;.  Cute name.
ID	3	That's the Birthday Boy's iPod Touch and DSi set-up and sorted. Just to think I would have been happy with a ball + boots at that age!
ID	3	@AmineB perfect!
ID	2	@CarlosPoulet Are you a night owl or what? Always on here as the same time as myself  Enjoy your scifi show.
ID	3	Enjoying time with the g/f
ID	0	@chregu block this IE6 shit
ID	1	@chregu block this IE6 shit
ID	3	@CHIOMA_ yeeeee  Haha. The funniest thing is when dudes that cant ball bring their hot gfs along so they can watch them get murked!
ID	3	@interpunkt wow that was easy! Thank you
ID	2	@SchoolBoyQ L0l uhm; you need to just wife up mary jane cuz that's all you talk about!
ID	3	working on short story...totally loving one of my secondary characters
ID	3	@Trekkygeek Aye, May the 4th be with you
ID	3	@mzjennx uhh, congrats for your two years anniversary
ID	2	think he caught swine flu, cant do test tmorow. sorry school
ID	3	Off for a bit of a motorcycle trip today!
ID	3	@kyleandjackieo Fighter - Christina Aguilera. LOVE that song
ID	3	@janevans35 LOL I love my MacBook too. Oh and my iMac. Can't decide which I love more. OK 24&quot; iMac trumps 13&quot; MacBook
ID	3	Love is an air-conditioner on a hot day...a heater on a cold day...and a warm body in bed any day  -  yep, me again
ID	4	: I love camp fires  I just wish the kids would try a bit harder to sing along
ID	3	Laying on my bed. ONE spot smells like vanilla.  awesome
ID	3	@ohmoss curing le hangover from an epic night, bruised 'n battered from a hectic go-karting session. pretty satisfied thank you very much
ID	3	Getting the FAB portraits ready to upload today
ID	3	bed time! night yall!
ID	3	@ryanwashurrr don't worry be happy Ryan
ID	2	nothing right now to do
ID	3	Thanks to all the new followers  Well, I went to a strip club tonight and its 4am so I'll follow you tomorrow. Much love.
ID	2	Wow... I was tricked into the #hoppusday hype today....
ID	3	@MikeyAllStars  We are of like minds this evening , my dear!
ID	3	Off to bed. Yay going to chick fil a tomorrow
ID	3	@myucan91 wahahahaha!! i wanna naaaaa!!! well...hapit na i guess. hahahaha ) yes, now we all know!!! hahahaha lol ) NARN! haha joke
ID	2	gonna get a tan. i am so white
ID	3	I like airports.  I can't fucking wait until friday! I want it to be friday right freakin now!
ID	2	@kkkrista  anytime..  Why ya gonna be up so late?
ID	3	Awake still O_o, breeding for perfect or close to perfect IVs on a pikachu  don't know what that means? Google it or wait for my articles
ID	3	@akmourad Hey what's up? My name is Caleb and I'm your newest follower!!!
ID	3	do some research for my article
ID	4	it's raining here  i'm stuck inside working today so i'd probably be peed off if it was sunny outside, i'm now ok with the rain
ID	2	heading out to dinner in a minute - cant wait to have food.
ID	2	@lyssiecc prettty goooooooood   going to daaaaaancing in a mo and havnt studied much for maths :|
ID	3	@cherylberyls okaaayyyyy... that was very informative.  proves that digestion doesn't take place in the throat i guess.
ID	4	@miguellf we want ot protect Moleskine notebooks worldwide. That is all.
ID	4	@ChageAUS fiscally responsible is fiscally over rated
ID	2	In 24hrs time I will be at uni waiting to start my 1st exam, scary. I am working hard this morning though, and feeling ok about it atm
ID	0	Bored... Some vector shit... Off to work after this class..
ID	1	Bored... Some vector shit... Off to work after this class..
ID	3	Yay! Good way to end the night.
ID	3	@bubblegums I got a dove bird &amp; names of my cats for example &quot;small hearts- &lt;3 fefe &lt;3 lulu  &lt;3 paw &lt;3 &quot; - i will update pics later
ID	2	@Robviktum Warm and muggy after Tuesday possible t-storms, but not as widespread, possibly severe too
ID	3	I proudly declare that i no longer haf 'live fish' phobia. Lol. I love em fishies..
ID	0	@bridgetmcmanus go into an anti-gravity chamber then you can tell gravity to suck it.
ID	1	@bridgetmcmanus go into an anti-gravity chamber then you can tell gravity to suck it.
ID	3	taylor swift's &quot;you belong with me&quot; is so amazing. love the mv!
ID	3	@tommcfly hope you have a nice relaxing day!!! hope your well  wishing you all the best
ID	3	chillin with christina and diana
ID	3	@trishajmg Congrats
ID	2	She doesn't believe spending many (many) thousands on a perfect wedding makes a happy couple.....A happy couple makes a perfect wedding
ID	3	@joek949 I'm okay thanks. No job yet but I'll keep going until I get one! Are you actually following me yet BTW?
ID	0	@prateekgupta I am just 'okay-okay' .. like the rest of the sane population in the world, I hate mondays
ID	1	@prateekgupta I am just 'okay-okay' .. like the rest of the sane population in the world, I hate mondays
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day. May the 4th be with you!  Nice that we get a holiday to celebrate  #fb
ID	3	@prayagn I think we have it pretty much figured out. @adawada added a box in the Helsinki group where you can see the tweets
ID	3	@Cody_K Why thank you ver much!  I appreci-fuckin-ate the compliment. I do my level best, you know. Can't let mother down.
ID	3	@heyshanny I can't wait either!!!!! your so welcome  YAY!!!!!!!!!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4j9om - Non-civilisation was pretty though
ID	2	@LisaHartwell What up Lisa, sorta quiet... I'm USA, so gonna crash soon.
ID	3	@larainefan She does especially Pink ones LOL  What beautiful creatures they are!
ID	3	Ill have a photo up tomorrow! Kay
ID	3	@crazytwism haha.. good for you
ID	3	Bit of soul time 4 this mama  will visialize next living environent. Speak soon.
ID	3	@ProudKiwi thanks for the message - just worked out how to see them and reply!
ID	3	i love this girl @esmeeworld ,she rocks!
ID	3	long weekend is over... looking forward to end of May then
ID	3	@DavidArchie See you on may 16!!
ID	3	@brenflakes sounds like you've had a nice weekend lady!
ID	3	Cape Town is beautiful! Sun is shining, amazing landscape and everything is &quot;easy going&quot;!
ID	3	in the airport!!!  only 8 hours til hoommee!
ID	3	Goodmorning tweedles  very happy mood, i think i will always be after this past weekend. lol vids of the 'BEYONCE WEEKND' coming soon.
ID	3	no school today, teacher cancelled the lesson  chillin'
ID	3	went to eastgardens and saw a lot of hillsong pastors there Now im going to Nicks for dinner. Cant wait to talk to you soon @sherrymacs
ID	3	@msishi imma talk to ya later ishi goodnight kid
ID	3	nice weather today in Alex
ID	3	@cece_newnew yea I saw the oil show u put on gotta I likes
ID	3	@iheartmissy http://twitpic.com/4i8kk - How pretty !
ID	3	Dhellohannah5 can you please follow me  i need more followers haha
ID	2	@stephaniehealy Past experiences of being a redhead (eg. discrimination) or even just general info bout gingers in society! It all helps
ID	2	@Icethevillain DAMMIT! lets have a private session
ID	2	omg i just slept like 18hrs in the last 22hrs...  i think i'm dying or something   reminds me of catcher
ID	4	Oh what a beautiful morning and brekky in bed
ID	2	@Brandonhobelman i hope everything works out for you at school  keep me updated and have a good day!
ID	3	Now I have to think of things to say    And before that I have to make super chunk chocolate muffins with my kids
ID	3	Morning all .. just into the office now
ID	3	@Sappersmum I think I like them all.  http://bit.ly/lzRPC
ID	3	@Jonasbrothers Cant wait &amp;&amp; Cant wait to see the 3d concert experience (i live in the uk) the was the trailer at the cinema yesterday.
ID	3	@shakedxit23 I'll save you
ID	4	i'm bored @freakinspecial: hope your wlan will go today!
ID	3	Eh, I've gotta go to bed anyways. Goodnight.
ID	3	Is ending the day with another walk nice walk and then some gelato
ID	3	Monday morning lying in bed instead of working is great, more bank holidays required
ID	3	NiGHT NiGHT MY TWiTTER LOVES ON THE PHONE THEN SLEEP
ID	3	just woke up with a cat in my face  haha
ID	3	I love that Joan Rivers says it's Family First.
ID	3	Got the BrainBone daily question right!  - http://tinyurl.com/c9ryqc
ID	3	Heeey, we won ice hockey....we are winners!!
ID	2	- arrggh kids that won't settle....need some Kava for Liam, that'll sort 'em...
ID	3	@marismith - just took over the #1 Most Endorsed spot on twindexx.com - thanks to the endorsement by @danholmesiMIND
ID	2	@Asfaq dude, saw your Twitter profile after a long time - love the background. way way cool!
ID	3	finally leaving this place! woohoo! school time!
ID	2	3 hours @FrazzleYeah oh my. Is it shorts weather do you know. I'd do my usual hanging out my window but the neighbours are out.
ID	3	Blue Oyster Cult - I Love The Night *that's when all my friends are around*  ? http://blip.fm/~5jd4b
ID	3	@Lauratheexpat isn't a bit of little britain in all of us?
ID	2	converting the Armin Only - Imagine concert for my iPhone... fun fun
ID	3	@pandalion WOW! Totally awesome! Action Guinea Pigs! Want to go and see it now, NOW! Do you think we'd be allowed to take Lance?
ID	3	@techvideo Hi, I teach some Chinese lessons on youtube... Feel free to have a look  www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn
ID	2	@janeyha I'm stuck with BOO!!!! Jeeeez shoot me now
ID	2	@sonwright I'm an iPhone owner, so I don't really have a choice on which media player I use. FYI Apple makes terrible Windows software
ID	3	@threatbot It's going to be a fun night and I'm helping host it!!!
ID	2	@nicobyrne we miss you in SE Asia. Come visit us when you have time.
ID	3	@jtimberlake Love Sex Magix it's cool!!... great rhythm!!!
ID	3	@Enchanted_Doll Yes! I live in Milwaukee and would love to attend a closing talk
ID	2	X-Men:Wolverine was hot! I say go watch it
ID	3	Finally sleep time
ID	3	lol  Check this video out -- New Minute Maid Commercial http://tinyurl.com/cplt7p
ID	3	ok that is a simple smoke generator ... but works and mae a spot relly more interesting .
ID	4	Aw I wish I was in Ireland  @neilhimself
ID	3	@xMyrthe you writing fanfic? me read!
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day, may the 4th be with you  my lil' 12yr old bro is at home playing with a lego AT-AT and dozens of stormtroopers.
ID	3	@johnreppion also thanks for coming and playing the party games! The pics are good
ID	3	@LoveLoyaltyLife Very impressive  I'm the same way. 100%
ID	2	@papelpicado And a good morning to you!  Up early with a bad conscience, trying to make up for taking a day off yesterday, are we? :p
ID	3	1 lovely one before waking up
ID	3	FINALLY have a working (subbed!) copy of Pika?Nichi.   Heeeee.
ID	2	@mommymuse Thanks for the hint.  http://tinyurl.com/chtx7e.
ID	3	@robbcox that made me laugh.  Sorry Grets, but you are not going to the Pool Room.
ID	3	@3mr_amr i'm here  haha
ID	4	@JonathanRKnight without ur tweets i feel lost hit me with something
ID	3	@Retrorewind I loved the song when I first heard it..but THAT video just gave me goosebumps. Thanks for sharing
ID	2	@1mgoldstars morning  about to tackle armhole prob - may have a solution not involving tape, will update you!
ID	3	mondays agenda: last class/final of the semester, work, sorority meeting, happy hour.
ID	4	The tree-lined avenue,begins to fade from view,drowning past regrets, in tea and cigarettes,but I cant seem to forget,when you came along
ID	3	@epicsoul believe it or not, SPOTTED DICK is an english dish   http://tinyurl.com/aq8zg
ID	2	I know @Sadie_marie. It text me.
ID	3	Back in Athens! Had great time in Budapest
ID	3	@NimbleRareFox wow that's quite a long time for studying  Good luck with the job hunting though.Yes also a Mac user (iMac) this side hehe
ID	3	yaayy, cannot wait for today girls!  gotta get dressed this early, because were going early!
ID	4	@orangeflowers  I've run out of earl grey, so having lemon tea instead, then whb for me too
ID	3	Good morning
ID	2	blame it on the goose gotcha feelin loose, blame it on the tron gotcha in the zone;; michelle...this is your fault. lol.
ID	3	All moved in to our new apartment. So exciting
ID	3	I  have always been a sucker for the sound of an acoustic guitar!
ID	2	,,,checked del's new blogsite!!! YAHOO!!! im just excited to what it will bring  go del!
ID	3	I AM OFFICIALLY CELEBRATING MY 400TH TWEET. Wow! I am so proud  Its great.
ID	3	yaay din dins ready
ID	3	Watched Kunguma poovum konjuma puravum... Liked it very much!  excellent cinematography!!!
ID	2	@mintea Good idea! I'll have to remove all the old receipts, tissue paper and other nonsense before I can take a pic
ID	3	good morning world
ID	3	@Wandahope  Hey Wanda great to tweet with u and many thx for the info re dobro and what a fantastic sound. Son House is a fav of mine
ID	3	@ohmonika babe text me your email address so i can send it over
ID	3	loves it that the first Monday of May is a Bank Holiday!  http://plurk.com/p/roxar
ID	2	At the uni just learned I only had one class today. About to go home
ID	2	I alreay feel the hang over. Soooo worth it
ID	3	@emalyse David Aaronovitch is always worth making an exception for  (Good morning, by the way)
ID	3	If anyone know anyone that made aliyah with the help of Nefesh BNefesh please contact me. I would love to talk with them.
ID	3	Design galore! Yayyyyyyy  progress beyond my imagination. Now...to get my flattie to sort out the Internet to send orders out!
ID	3	it's nice to leave the office when the sun is still up
ID	3	Brian is teaching me soccer!! Lots of fun
ID	3	Following @perth_aisa These guys could be shifty but worth following regardless.
ID	3	@TheAppleInsider I will later today since I have a planning for today
ID	3	@girlsmadethis i want all kinds of designer suggestions darl  any and all. mens, womens, anything! formal/street/alternate. whatever!
ID	3	It's raining that fine rain!!! U know the fine rain that wets you the most
ID	3	Morning Ali a big thank you for yesterday love you always xxxx. You out on the bike today? Don't forget to get a helmet ok
ID	3	@simplykaylaaa oh gaha no of course i wasn't offended why would i be?  i'd love to play for you some day
ID	3	@amber_benson You are an absolute legend! Love love love it
ID	3	@mjasenn i totally owe you a week of on-call duties.  i appreciate not having those while jill is in town
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4j9x4 - lmao, it's true
ID	3	May the 4th be with you! Happy Star Wars Day twirps!  ROFL
ID	2	Spent the last 2 years largely ambivalent about s/w dev practices. Can feel care factor returning. Look out!
ID	3	Going to shopping place thingie! BRB LATERZ!
ID	2	@kekeinaction LOVE your show  !
ID	3	@taufiqz I watched that too! I liked it
ID	3	@kadambariyer thanks.. that was quick..
ID	2	i really need to earn money... so that i can watch the PCD concert
ID	3	@tommcfly and may the 4th be with you, too.  *amused* loved it.
ID	2	@BoltClock Hmm, I will hear more.
ID	3	@flickstack hehe i will never thorw out these shoes  i'm listening to varsity fanclub surprise surprise  sway sway baby is awesome
ID	3	@rosieroserosie can't believe i wasn't following you! am now  have an anatomy prac tmw so tonight i'm all about structr of the lwr limb
ID	3	@chaddlesm Good Luck
ID	3	@DarleneZschech can I come!?   I'm Merci btw., I have always been so inspired by you since I was a teenager.
ID	3	thankyou short stack for bringing out a second sydney show,, now im going to both  im so thankful for you guys being so good 2 ur fans .
ID	3	thanks for the raspberry-Laced Vanilla Cake
ID	3	@noravrenezi, Heeeey dear! Finally found!
ID	3	Also with the not driving part i could afford a laptop. Also living with a roommate i would save even more
ID	3	just saw an advert for ATTICS TO EDEN on tv  out today and only 9.99 from HMV...so I'm not sure why I had to pay 13 at HMV...never mind
ID	3	@Nyle_ I put an interview with you on Reddit; nothing too fancy, but I hope it gets you some extra attention.  http://awe.sm/8MZ
ID	3	@ddlovato Your second episode of Sonny WAC was on in New Zealand tonight. You were (and still are) AMAZING! ily  xx
ID	3	free hugs with my super fluffy robe
ID	2	my birthday chicken  http://bit.ly/whbuv
ID	3	@ddlovato...... is an awesome band
ID	3	@BecThomasPhoto It's your inherent humility
ID	3	morning prayer meeting  how AMAZING is the gift of prayer!!!  i'm completely buzzing this morning! In christ alone my hope is found!
ID	3	@surfnmusicexpo Yup, but what they going do??? He's the Mother Effin Champion!!!! LOL
ID	3	@sabrinabryan hi my name is Chelsea and i respect your opinion when it comes to dwts. you were great on there too!
ID	3	me and my friends are just sitting here and searching for pictures on google   haha, my friend found pictures of her father! haha
ID	3	OK, a few days old, but I love @armarno's diagram of the mainstream adoption curve http://is.gd/ufIg . &quot;Everyone is doing it&quot;   ...  !
ID	3	Up and washed  I'm clothing myself as I type xD WOOOO
ID	3	@XoGraceoX hahaha im listening to SHES A LADY! haha ily FTSK    xx
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you  (via Nige the Goth)
ID	3	Morning all. First tea of the day, and just about to record the voiceover for a documentary about modern Druidry. Good times
ID	3	@tedmurphy Thanks for the follow. I'm loving the energy on your site. The spaz in me can't help but be drawn to you  http://www.ted.me/
ID	3	just made it home, time for a shower and some breakie, off out to Blackpool later for some lunch
ID	4	@natalietran I don't like the term &quot;partner&quot; when it comes to relationships. It's too business like so that's my ugly word of the day
ID	3	who has a day long text conversation? me.
ID	2	@ebruchez Feels good?  Now the hardest part will be to keep it empty every day. Or at least several times a week.
ID	4	@heatxsink SCREAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAM - never freu you zu frh
ID	3	And the sun is back up again.  Could we have more of the kind of weather we had last January and February? I like jackets.
ID	3	hahaha @IkeBot is SUCH nonsense
ID	4	@nitadarling I see...
ID	3	@foxmarta Look forward to seeing the resume!
ID	3	@InLuvwithJON Have you managed to breathe since getting the news?
ID	3	@khanserai I know how you feel!On the bright side, you're moving to a place where it would be appreciated!  Onwards and upwads!
ID	3	@mrskutcher you're so classy, demi. Love it, don't stop doing your thing.
ID	3	@KevinRButters i was in chiangmai for a month last year during loy krathong. best festival ever.
ID	3	@amysav83 yeah dropped the bike yesterday.Leg got caught below the engine.bikes not got a mark on it mind   I'm trying to avoid stairs lol
ID	3	ish okay my loveee
ID	2	@mooddisorders what are you? flavor of the day?
ID	3	http://tinyurl.com/d7tb38 Nice Photoshop Effects
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4ja12 - we were bored
ID	3	@StaceyFarina Hah! Thanks.
ID	3	@rhettroberts haha best thing about office birthdays hey
ID	3	Just had some strawberries for afternoon snack, I love strawberries!! Gonna make a strawberry smoothie tonight after the gym
ID	3	@irisush im glad  i dont have to go out...
ID	3	@babygirlparis So romantic!!!!I hope you both have an amazing time...and paparazzi don't follow you!!You need more privacy with Doug  xoxo
ID	3	@zykloid Thanks!
ID	3	Haha! just overheard on the us. 3 yrold to mom &quot;mom, I think I should learn to read today&quot;
ID	3	@cheadlek Another one will be coming later in the week, i won a Westlife DVD on trademe, one that i have been after!
ID	3	@noangelvfc lol  well im gonna totter off. my sister trashed my room coz i wouldn' tlet her on.. i need to go cut her guitar strings
ID	2	Of back off other peoples he can only have one stalker
ID	3	Awaiting to watch lfctv @ 10am  liverpool vs newcastle game from yesterday!
ID	3	@cmagnuson cool thanks for the response.  I'll check out that Firefox!
ID	3	@aimzsta hehehehe oh i love the Purate ENglish sooo much
ID	3	@Broooooke_ listen to FTSK  they stop my bordum  haha how was your day? finished crying about Harold? ha xx
ID	4	Coffee didn't turn out good tiday but excellent!
ID	3	likes cheerios and scones in the morning
ID	3	@allensjk Katie is my Malamute dog, as for my weight, well I'm about 6ft tall and 73kg, which is quite good
ID	4	@kkkrista only if we can cuddle afterwards. I like to cuddle after turning tricks on van buren
ID	3	@dduane have you read Angels &amp; Demons? What do you think of it if you have? oh and beautiful sunny weather here in Provence.
ID	3	man.....i'm at a loss for words.....looks like i'ma get an unexpected graduation gift.....in a good way
ID	3	@souravghosh Dreams give rise to reality. When they said I wouldn't   walk, my dream was to fly! Dream, Believe, Achieve!
ID	3	@sun_ho Yay you can eat proper food now!
ID	2	I'm getting 'A Nervous Tic Motion of The Head (To The Left)'  when thinking about tonight
ID	3	@QUEENKAK oh thank you thank you! Was hoping the video will be online
ID	3	my sister said yayyy its hannah HOEdown today  haaaa hannah is a hoe apparently hoe.
ID	2	@danhitmusic whats the next movie review going to be? You're like wossy of brum. Just more controversial
ID	3	Star wars day! May the 4th be with you.
ID	2	studying for my exam tomorrow @ 2 &amp; packin up!
ID	3	@thepioneerwoman - Bingley, just for that practise-the-proposal scene toward the end. So endearing
ID	3	your smile
ID	3	uploading a lot of photos... priceless memories
ID	3	Chilling at home
ID	3	@honeytweets I also believe in some things are meant to happen.
ID	3	Chilling out listning to Seal!!
ID	3	@emjaystar haha thanks  yep definately a dream come true!  So excited the camera was shaking when i was taking a photo!
ID	3	after 9 weeks it has finally rained - not quite enough yet but more seems to be coming  the garden is very happy about it.
ID	2	@DavidArchie the script are amaaazing! Rusty halo and i'm yours are my favourites
ID	2	better finish off an order for this little guy first tho   http://tinyurl.com/cltln9 Time to go   Cheerio an Drasda!
ID	3	@annerondeau i love you
ID	3	@wolf_gregor Great avatar
ID	4	just watched slumdog millionaire  its soo goood i love it :] but its sad!
ID	3	@lrkane LOL! No worries  You wanna take care of tickets? I can do a $$ EFT or whatever...
ID	3	has found that old familiar feeling again.
ID	3	ready to go to sleep... its too hot in my room, yey first time sleeping in that huge bed  excited!
ID	3	This may sound stupid... but i just bought a mask
ID	3	@ralfrottmann thank`s ... See? now I`m back on smiling
ID	0	@xiape copy &amp; paste fuck cunt tosser piss flap a 10000000000 times !!!!
ID	1	@xiape copy &amp; paste fuck cunt tosser piss flap a 10000000000 times !!!!
ID	3	@tfollowers thanks 4 the folow
ID	3	@jadeeisabel nah they were mine  @brydielonie had ones without fingers
ID	2	LOL!!  I'm glad I've seen the original trailer or that wouldn't have made sense     Someone certainly went to a lot... http://bit.ly/A0pyr
ID	3	@Pon_and_Zi Thanks! I'm on my way now
ID	2	@lhanni Welcome to Twitter... It's about time!
ID	3	i woke him up in the end. Got bored.
ID	3	@RobPattinson_ arhhhhhh robert pattinson iloveyou
ID	3	@tommcfly aww we love you too
ID	3	@petespencer Yeah,we say shite alot here. you say it as shiiite,rhyming with light
ID	3	chill`N witH tHE BABEz
ID	2	@sevitzdotcom 'auto-resolve' is that a Geek/tech answer to most questions??
ID	3	@bigwormy http://twitpic.com/2zemt - aww *-* she has very cute smile
ID	3	Recovering from a lovely but slightly stressful weekend in France
ID	2	@jdpeterson I say the same about poems. When you are ready to write, &quot;nothing else matters&quot; as a well known song tells us
ID	2	@tommcfly what did the times say? and thank you
ID	3	@CrystalJanee greaaat, do minee now pleaseeeeee
ID	3	@tynishakeli I like Light out, Walls up &amp; shatter'd the most! Great work, Germany must get to know you asap..
ID	4	@jenkellytisdale  good luck  haha i loved your character in the bring it on: in it to win it  movie
ID	4	It's @andremichelle s (mr. tonematrix) birthday today. Poor guy is ill at home. Perhaps a 'hi' from the twittersphere would do some good
ID	3	@thunderror U can play as ur avatar (1st person) *or* as his team member (3rd person). Battles implement real-time strategy. AoE style.
ID	2	@iantalbot Writing or making sense ?
ID	3	@qudsiya was jus so excited t c ur name
ID	2	@jordanknight TINK! (whatever the f**k it means!!) from your JKUK girls! Show us some love! ;)  xx
ID	3	@poojarazdan woah.. awesomely romantic..  write a blog post on this.. I wanna knw the entire story.. like how he proposed etc..
ID	2	@charmainehan SEND ME THAT PHOTO MAN  ily favourite
ID	4	@JonathanRKnight G'night Jonathan! I tried to stay up, I really did. I can't wait till ur in my timezone! Will be so much easier then!
ID	3	@divyeshvyas beating heat with tea?  Try some masala chaas
ID	3	@jakeashley cheer up
ID	3	In my nice big bed....ipod on play....soft music flowin....sooooon will be in Fancys dream land
ID	4	Plans for today, cleaning, washing clothes &amp; cooking a Pork Dinner! Weather here is bit dull.  Hoorah for Bank Hols though
ID	3	Watching Bleach
ID	3	@sickophantikmnd now i'm done! good nite
ID	3	@TheJourneyAgent Hey, nice seeing you on Saturday. Glad things are going well for you.
ID	3	is having a cuppa and chilling... i lovebank holiday mondays
ID	3	@GirlfriendMAG thank you sooooo much for my snoopy T-shirt! I love it to bits! It's a perfect fit, just got it this morning!  Peace
ID	2	@lu_lu Just one part of a very odd trip. You travel for 3 months you see some weirdness. Loved Perth though
ID	3	@kyleandjackieo what about Your Body by Tom Novy or Voodoo Child by Rogue Traders. They are from 04/05. Good memories from these songs
ID	3	@misskittymarie Same here - events + writing songs. But I just finished my TMNT vs MMPR song, so I'm excited to record that on Wednesday
ID	3	@challiyan wait till england WC t20
ID	2	@prateekgupta yeah.. gives me something useless to crib abt
ID	3	needs to stop taking photos with other people's cameras!  luckily, photos have been delivered
ID	3	@missamanda yeah, i'll take care of it tonight/tomorrow  just pay me on the night, easy
ID	3	Happy Birthday tooo meeee... Happy Birthday tooo meeee...
ID	2	Thank you for the follow @christinelu!  Looking forward to your tweets...
ID	3	im really really excited  try this out guys!
ID	3	Hope I'm not coming down with piggy flu, eyes red. Neck no longer holds up heavy head. Time for sleep.  Sogni D'oro all!
ID	2	Quiet day at work 2day.Just had dinner. Whats doin out there?
ID	3	@moanasaves glad u liked post  looking at the back end now...the sub 2 your blog is automatic. send url and i'll verify.
ID	0	@tommcfly dw you never will  xx
ID	1	@tommcfly dw you never will  xx
ID	3	@TangeloFlavored and no I didn't burn the eggs.  We had a blast and the food was great all weekend. We had an awesome carne asada too.
ID	3	At walmart playing hide and seek.
ID	3	just left work. inventory was way easy  and I got to put in my highschool musical 3 cd! it was amazing. goodnight goodnight everyone :]
ID	4	is up and ready
ID	3	Oh yeaah.  we'll still be bffs  aha @Sadie_marie.
ID	3	@jdpeterson Absolutely
ID	3	@thunderror SC2 will be released before D3  Hopefully!
ID	2	Cool. Cant wait for dustbin baby
ID	3	@Renee0579 Hope you did great - you certainly spent enough time studying.
ID	3	is super happy at the new interest rate.  whoop whoop.
ID	3	Working on my resume while listening to the rain and enjoying a Circus Boy
ID	3	@Coybh yep! for a rock station in OKC  check my profile real quick
ID	3	@lopezwilfred Yeah. Me too. Will lookout on your tweets too. Happy Tweeting
ID	3	me 10 - 630, andrew 8 - 4. No idea about the rest, I think it was Ben and Princeton which could be fun  lol I'm going to be late
ID	2	Wee are going to the movies tonight to see Wolverine
ID	3	is soooo over school...maybe sick..all week *evil laugh*
ID	2	@jenniclarephoto Sometimes (although I usually go willingly  ) Don't know about the Churnet Valley event though.
ID	4	@DesignerDepot thanks for adding, no befriending, no, uh oh never mind, Thanks!
ID	4	@puppaz that really sucks I feel bad for you at least I woke up at eight.
ID	3	pool party at sherraton n brodi had  a blast! the friends made the evening bbqd at home with great conversation  funky n lifted day!!
ID	3	@itshazel wow five years? Congrats
ID	3	@sheiel I really like pink after I saw her live while in the new T-MOBILE Advert
ID	2	@mitchschroeder Omedetou!! That's truly exciting, but expected, news! Decisions decisions  Please let me know as soon as you 'know'?
ID	2	@SimonFilmer Alough I will hold you to your word now for when I need rain
ID	3	@squeakmouse73 praying to be humble is always dangerous, He will answer you  (God gives grace ...)
ID	3	may the fourth be with you  happy star wars day.
ID	3	gahhhh homework. masterchef in half an hour! hahah and the recruits
ID	3	@AJinYourMouth taking out all my trash   http://twitpic.com/4ja8m
ID	3	@RopeMarksMuse _what_ did you do?  Let me guess... you skipped sports and bought a new pinkish outfit?
ID	3	Download movie  Dollhouse http://tinyurl.com/crbe6n cool #movie
ID	3	For all you Lord of the Rings fans. You MUST see this 40min fan film that just released. It's awesome!  http://is.gd/wvrx Watch in HD
ID	2	@endsiny No worries doll, its what Im here for! I luvs you! Tomorrow is a brand new day!  *Hugs*
ID	3	I'm going home now. Have you seen my new twitter design? Quite....heavenly isn't it?
ID	3	Updating my iPod and downloading new songs.
ID	3	@shortyyyy Thank you  I liked Joe's clothes' being ripped off and then Kevin screaming, &quot;Who are you!?!&quot; XD
ID	0	@joecommisso i'm going to smack you
ID	1	@joecommisso i'm going to smack you
ID	3	@siouxsinner hope you had a FAB time!!! Just saw your twitpics ... Love that you wore THE dress. Great pic of D too
ID	3	@staceeeeee goodnight Cuppycake  hope you have a good day and don't feel so blah!  XxOo
ID	3	@AmyatQ13 Amy did u already check out the antics of Parella and Marcia? @ParellaLewis @madnewschick news... and entertainment on Twitter
ID	3	@Ciaee Yessir, yessir, three cheeks full.
ID	3	@samanthuh MISS YOU TOO! Yes, I will  I'm usually free pag after dinner. Rarely during the day. Basta text text
ID	3	thank god i havent quit my day job  ps. turning 27 tomorrow. i just round up to 30 now.
ID	2	@tommcfly could you post a link to the internet version of the times so that I can read it pllleeeaaassseeeeee!!!!
ID	2	@Medros I'll try my best to be there!
ID	2	why i chose iphone   http://tr.im/kpaE
ID	2	HMV opens in half an our...better go get ready
ID	3	@cbenton  i would love to come visit you in Korea.. next flight that is under 100 i am there!
ID	0	Redford - Sufjan Stevens ][ for @yoochun ill make you cry again &lt;3  @mimacruz sure no prob slugger ;;) add th... ? http://blip.fm/~5jdtm
ID	1	Redford - Sufjan Stevens ][ for @yoochun ill make you cry again &lt;3  @mimacruz sure no prob slugger ;;) add th... ? http://blip.fm/~5jdtm
ID	3	Nothing like home-made paranthas for breakfast
ID	3	back from the city... breakfast time
ID	3	had so much fun at the Killers concert last night! I love being back in Lawrence!
ID	3	@vewe haha. Hope U have a Great Laugh as Laughter is the Best Medicine
ID	3	@HellenBach Sounds like the very best sort of work then! Jenni seems lovely,so nice to hear that she is when meeting 'in the flesh' too!
ID	4	@DestriDoll sorry I didn't message you yet... I couldn't get my thoughts straight. But tomorrow I'll try  goodnight
ID	3	should be coming out of hospital today
ID	0	i hate bureaucracy. ahwell... aussies still going good
ID	1	i hate bureaucracy. ahwell... aussies still going good
ID	3	Ohh i forgot to tell you last night that when i was a alton towers i touched a shark  it was amazing !!!! it was nt a massive one tho
ID	4	drinking cordial  yes im bored
ID	3	I forgot I have lumpia and pancit in my fridge from last night! Yay
ID	3	Hah! I saw the Wolverine last night!!! Now I can die happy, well not yet though, got a few things to get done first, but was my MoY
ID	3	Just got home from my date omg so much fun im excited
ID	3	finished my capital transactions exam . . . as another monkey climbs down my back. looking forward to being in a glorious mood tomorrow.
ID	3	is having a well-deserved break today..NO PHONE CALLS, NO EMAILS..only plenty of catch up movies to doooooo
ID	4	@sharlynnx aww thank you  so is yours xx
ID	3	@Hayday12 keith... im better now
ID	3	@DonniesCupcake i bet they will be great bags! Can't wait!
ID	2	@UncleCreepy You can get into Canada, but I can't?  WTF!!!   (Seriously, I'm not allowed to cross the border!)
ID	3	Excited that I get to add a new listening Exercise to the site.  Stay tuned!
ID	3	@zef  the car illusin is Kool
ID	3	I am thoroughly enjoying my new ringtone
ID	3	Monday morning  Lots to go out.. just waiting for a mate to add a style to my table and im set
ID	0	Boys are stupid, throw rocks at them
ID	1	Boys are stupid, throw rocks at them
ID	3	well - that blows.  Sorry to cut it short. It wont work for me. I didnt get to say bye..so goodnight guys - thx for watching!  Love u guys
ID	2	Ustream replay for Control Your Rankings.  http://www.controlyourrankings.com/launch1/ustream.html
ID	3	Getting my hair cut tomorrow or later today I should say...   excited. My swag is already on, jus turning it up!!
ID	3	is starting to get this whole Twitter thing!
ID	2	@cocont123 I don't know how you do it
ID	3	listening to Lily Allen's last album - it's quite good
ID	2	@beauknows good luck going to sleep. i'm up working on a stupid paper. no worries. ur not alone.  so u ready to record that album or what?
ID	3	@giogadi Hey Luis, thanks!  I have Flash and my prof's code to thank for that.  *cough*
ID	4	@JavierChua Well I am on the RIGHT side of thirty
ID	3	@joyee0720 Thanks PP!
ID	2	@pauljacobson if you want conversation, use email/mailing lists. I'm not convinced '140 chars and less' replies are conversation
ID	3	@danijelabaron good morning from Lincolnshire. I could use some exercise also
ID	3	@LittleFletcher loved your new picture, and definetly loved you background  Ha. xx
ID	3	Sometimes after a long weekend, you just need good conversation. thanks bro
ID	4	Ginger biscuits rule !!! (by the way, I urgently need weight scales  )
ID	4	@danielleg1709 hahaha this is super late, but thank you!!
ID	2	@tommcfly good thing really, 'cause you're never getting rid of us.  please don't leave us.
ID	3	Heading to bed. I think I'll read for a bit, propped up on fluffy pillows.
ID	3	@kyleandjackieo i have a song suggestion. anything from the veronicas first album - the secret life of...  that would be a good choice
ID	3	Hey @deangeloredman yes! Praise Him! lol   (deangeloredman live &gt; http://ustre.am/2NlC)
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jacy - the lovelies ms @angieange rane &amp; i
ID	3	@clarexsaula I love all of their music.
ID	3	anyone drive a newish diesel car? any advice on pros cons? not interested in old diesel cars, need recent model experience, eg SUV
ID	3	@NateALO Hope you had a great weekend, congratulations!
ID	2	is a movie afficionado. I might just as well write about the films i watch.
ID	3	lees net op Twitter dat het #Happy Star Wars day is... &quot;May the 4th be with you&quot;... Sjeez wat slecht
ID	3	Back in the office for a hectic week - but the weekend was awesome
ID	3	@angryfeet Ooh that is good... will wait a little bit to see how the money/job situation goes but thanks for that
ID	4	Fast &amp; Furious = EXCELLENT movie.  And Andy is a great guy   Most of the time....  lol
ID	3	grubs up  so nice being cooked for, I feel like a princess every time
ID	3	@CheeseIsYellow That's alright, I forgive you. As long as you don't ship harry/ron or harry/snape then we're cool. Mu otp is Sirius/remus
ID	3	i love the feeling of a finishing a 10 page paper
ID	3	@myepeenisbigger hey jesse, here's your background  let me know what you think! http://tinyurl.com/cf2yuj
ID	3	@ralphp eagerly anticipating twitpics
ID	2	@Lizzi_85 Aaaargh help -it's a conspiracy LOL! How are you today Lizzi?
ID	3	Listening to comedians like Felicia Michaels, Margaret Cho and Jeff Dunham today
ID	3	@donatoclassic me too
ID	3	@LittleFletcher Oh, and Happy Judd Day haha  #juddday
ID	2	Zs.Nagy presents  http://www.nordugrid.org/manuals.html
ID	3	Seeing lots of my FB friends are friending or becoming fans of Zoozoo (Voda's new face after the pug). Even iLike
ID	3	Ok so this shower has been calling my name for about an hour I think I'll indulge &amp; respond now while I allow Robin Thicke to serenade me
ID	2	@eminem http://twitpic.com/4j585 - HAHA nice, now I need an iPhone
ID	2	@MisssV33 it's 3:37 am, i am going to sleep now. but i be back up in 4 hours...lol. good night
ID	3	@luckigrrl ha ha  thank you!
ID	2	Back home from the Wookie household. Now to dive into edits on Nemesis.  Or maybe I should work on Dusk of Death. Hmm...
ID	3	@gootecks you played some really tight matches man, good shit. constantly evolvin, never boring. fuck east coast
ID	2	@URIENATOR go on msn. i need to talk to you about something that happened today
ID	3	@timen Great idea
ID	3	@nattskies heyy nat! twitter twitter twitter. you'll get used to it hahaha  love youuuuuuuuuuu
ID	2	@steviekaye thats what andy said a few hours ago....I HOPE THEY ACTUALLY ARE
ID	3	- It's time for Kathleen to go to bed... waaaaay past time. Don't expect to hear from me before noon. lol  Have a BLESSED morning.
ID	3	@thatboyBryant dont cry for me! i will see u tomorrow.  muah.
ID	3	new supernatural tonight!
ID	3	downloading songs while trying to sneak a lil homework in too, which should be my main priority not songs lol
ID	3	It's fun
ID	3	@FaithfulChosen So-so, thanks  I've uploaded a new campaign vid, will post the link in a few mins. how are you doing, babe??
ID	2	@falkingo Thanks. Have a blessed day too
ID	3	@jimmymarsh617 I was there in spirit Jimmy. Glad it went well
ID	3	about to go to acting school  yayay
ID	3	@peterjrday Thanks. Feel so happy 2 Make Ur Day a Great one. Enjoy it 2 the fullest N Have Fun Always
ID	3	If anyone needs help with images, let me know and i will convo you the forum's link
ID	3	SBS 2003 or SBS 2008! Damned if you do and damned if you don't!  Fun times at GCH!
ID	3	Is off to get some dinner
ID	3	@kevinriley Heh, thanks for that adorable plug  *cough* more info at: www.samstephens.com *cough* *cough*
ID	2	Arrrr better half made me brekkie in bed. Weather not 2 gud in Black Country 2day but we won't let it put the dampers on our planned bbq
ID	3	@MarieLuv ahh that would rock
ID	3	today Jon Doe plays at the Moho. ia m excited  its gonna be funny.. but before i have to carry all the equipment and do the backline
ID	4	@UncleCreepy (cont) a bastardized version of French? It's fun, believe me!
ID	3	@FelineBred glad you like them
ID	3	Rachmaninoff makes me a happy panda.
ID	3	Sorta like my new sleep schedule. The nights off are quiet and I get creative or even me time.  ahhh. My anti drug.
ID	3	Its relaxing time..a movie and some treats
ID	3	@Mintyboi i can smack your head for you
ID	3	still in love with marky mark
ID	2	is having this massive headache! and all i want to do is eat some nachos..
ID	2	@clicktokill scared what I may think of myself 2 yrs later, looking at the pix
ID	4	had my first day at work and im not excited about the lay out of the place and where everything is.. o well its a job
ID	3	watching Please Twins.  gonna make some Iced Tea :-bd
ID	3	@Moanikeala you outta follow zipz for discounts and updates
ID	3	@mswilliamsmusic awww shooks  now im gon be all overprotective just incase you start cybercheatin on me lol
ID	3	@breadesign Congratulations chap! Pass on our love to Claude
ID	3	@LucyKD DSi is the latest Nintendo DS with 2 cameras + stuff built in. We are a Gadget house. Luckily I get my blackberrys free from work
ID	3	@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/4fzo7 - When you'll come in Bulgaria??? You have a great fans here!
ID	3	http://tinyurl.com/c4z6gn Wow.. Wow.. hope, i too get that sort of Guts in near future
ID	3	@AnGee10 @malennaa yess... it's awesomee.. and u can follow ur love molly hahah....  now u can chat with us here!
ID	3	@wortje The bag looks stylish. Congrats!
ID	2	@mashable Thanks to TweetStats, I confirmed what I long suspected: Twitter is keeping me up way too late!  http://tr.im/kpc1 @tweetstats
ID	2	@KankzXD ohh I know her from church .. she got me into mcfly
ID	2	Lookin for work via online, watchin ShayCarl's latest vlog entry on youtube and textin a lady friend.  My beds calling my name though..
ID	2	@News3David    can I get in on this?! @Cherynstone  3 way call !!
ID	4	well...gotta grab at least an hour and a half sleep before the girl's get up for school...gawd the life of multi-taskin'  night/mornin'
ID	3	@lilmomz Just been in that kind of mood, not reason at all. Lol, but I'll try not to be too mushy around you!  I can behave!
ID	3	@ksidney wolverine was GREAT!!!  a must see
ID	3	@billingtonart Gone have my ears on it when I am at home ..plenty of painting for you as well
ID	3	@tove_liden Thanks for the follow Tove!
ID	3	@kiki_miacherry morning kik enjoy your breakfast
ID	3	@AndrewHansen1 Thanks Andrew! It hasn't yet been published, but looking forward to it
ID	4	no school today gd  but dont get to see mates n millsy x
ID	2	@grooveshark I'm having elevated error rates... StreamKeys not found, and then connection problems. Server migration isn't easy, huh  ?
ID	3	@Steph_Atticus Thank you
ID	2	Remind me to get out &amp; take a pic of my blooming clematis before the wind storm tomorrow.
ID	4	@BJ111 by the way, it's INconvenient...
ID	3	on my way home from school  lol in my car and so tired!
ID	3	@lewisking awww well iff uu are il see uu in townn  xx
ID	3	gonna knit a felted heart toy for mum for Mothers Day. she's so great (not really) she loves anything i give her  luv ya mummy
ID	3	done with the exams. oh my. such a nerve-wracking experience! passed it, though.
ID	3	@petabridges I do my humble best  Going on a works paintball day soon so that should fuel a few strips, no doubt
ID	4	@NCLUSA Sorry to disappoint. Not a big Nascar fan but I'm still an all-around decent redneck other than that.
ID	2	Back to work today but I don't even mind.
ID	3	Yah! Feeling better and had a beaut day - Sophie razzing it at the skateboard park (at all of 3 yrs) and Charli happy at school
ID	3	@fairuzrani hehehe hello!!! how are you? good to see you on twitter!!
ID	4	is tired on her friendster account.
ID	3	*yaaaawwwwnnnn* thx to bank holiday... let's see what today has prepared for us...
ID	3	THE best job in the world &amp; yes its in Australia  http://tinyurl.com/clxl4l
ID	3	Shopping, grandparents, dinner with the bf  woop
ID	3	New Project is going incredibly well! and I'm not tired today  I think we should get all Monday's off. Permanently.
ID	3	big shout out to all my home girls you know who you are
ID	3	@da_bear i like you
ID	3	@lexikitty hahaha yes yes, of course  i look after them when you and jack need alone time ;D
ID	3	@markyboosh had to many weirdos on the other one
ID	3	11 days till county raly  i had 2 tak 3 from 14 it took me a while
ID	2	Feeling considerably better after 13 hours sleep  still not right though...
ID	2	@Moni7D well then take your sexy ass to sleep then foo.  how as your weekend mami?
ID	3	Hello my lovely followers  love and peace from my house lolz We just need the weather!
ID	3	@tommcfly haha that was good, slightly geeky but funny  x
ID	2	english p1 done.  i refuse to countdown, it makes me sad. off to shower and take a nap...
ID	2	@ayeashleigh good. yeah i am fine thanks. just dreading history tomorrow, not in the mood for hyperactive 20 year olds lmao
ID	3	Yogurting. Home from lady Mona's, on the fone w no song from Yoplait. Lookin forward to hrs w @QisWalker tmorrow &amp; rehearsals  Gnight all!
ID	3	is so excited for this summer... Steve Winwood and Eric Clapton, Eagles of Death Metal, and ahhh the Dead Weather
ID	3	@MissJia *kiss kiss* stu deezy off to bed to have sweet dreams of you ma'am  hehe xxoxo
ID	4	no eggs today ... shame was looking forward to a egg and bacon sandwich
ID	3	has just finished recording the improvisation for the second instrument in the latest podcast and is happy. nearly mixing time.
ID	3	@_josh_thomas are you coming to sydney?! cool, where can i meet you? id love to meet you, you're my favourite comedian
ID	3	@bill_archie Haha it's ok. Glad everything's good. Happy always! Woohoo!
ID	3	@marcoflores You're welcome!  How much longer until it's colored in?
ID	3	is back at working auditing away, time to make the hard decisions and be happy
ID	3	houstatlantavegas, sooner than later, nov. 18th, a night off, successful . over and over for the last 2837 hours - heavennn
ID	3	Right now on my Justin.tv channel: 10 weeks until my gf has a newborn  www.justin.tv/kubbur?20
ID	4	@andypiper I have not been aquired... It's just a new oppertunity. Sorry if they don't support mac. I won't tell more
ID	3	Watched Coraline last night. It was really good. The animation was excellent and the creativity was inspirational.
ID	3	Didn't get bitten by a rabies infested person last night  yay for me! Gonna scare Rachel with Quarantine tonight, this shall be fun
ID	3	@jackoolz anywhere!!! i don't mind...as long as i'm superman and there's good music...all is sweet
ID	3	Now i've got 3 new frens-frm Germany,Mexico n France  havin dinner 2gather 2nite.
ID	3	will deplurk too. buhbyeee  http://plurk.com/p/rp3ir
ID	3	@ladyzae WOW.How sweet!
ID	3	Home from Disney...best time in a long time...howl at the moon tonight for GBA and then BHB Tuesday  oh drummer boy  niiight
ID	2	Have been practicing for the last 40 minutes. I don't think 40 minutes will suffice for 7-days worth... More later
ID	3	// happy Star Wars Day everyone, May the 4th be with you
ID	3	oh it's #musicmonday  How about a love story/viva la vida mix: http://tinyurl.com/dyvzsa
ID	3	is trying to help save the earth. Let's plant more trees.
ID	3	@SarahAMurdoch loved you in head over heels! One of my fave movies! you looked stunning last night
ID	3	http://slingalink.com/eVicE1 my daughters kindergarden  !
ID	3	@floyduk just relax like it is or translated to swedish too? Just got to take a look at my next comment
ID	3	@aussiemcflyfan i hope so  I KNOW WOO! haha 2 times  it was exciting lol
ID	3	@AmyatQ13 @borborigma I agree about the redesigned Q13 site! Looks great on computer &amp; phone.
ID	3	@Ah_Lex_Ah hey alexa, you heard right  looking forward to causing some mischief on friday!!
ID	3	@LeesaLily oh ok thanks
ID	3	@DeepaPrabhu Thanks and thanks
ID	3	going to sleep with my baby
ID	3	Don't Think Twice creative blog. Cool stuff. http://www.dontthinktwicecollective.blogspot.com/ @karensaba thanks
ID	3	my brain is gonna explode, a minute from now ) it is full of numbers @-) this should be the cliiimb. :-j i'm climbing the: mt. numbers.
ID	3	new golf VI TSi 160HP is fast!
ID	3	@tommcfly You're getting new fans all the time. I wasn't one until November
ID	2	@McflyMadEmma Little Louisa is number 3 trying to get number one!  XX
ID	3	@savii313 I am twittering, LIKE A BOSS. Thanks Savvv
ID	3	&quot;leave the pieces&quot; - the wreckers... hmm
ID	0	@LiliCosic i'm good-making a list of things to do today.I have a week off in a few days,I dont want to be doing these chores things then!
ID	1	@LiliCosic i'm good-making a list of things to do today.I have a week off in a few days,I dont want to be doing these chores things then!
ID	2	@SupaStarCity hahah i sowwie hun  whats up thoe ?
ID	3	@littletiara aha i bet they are cute,should we wear our nu **at  the same time so  i cn show you mine,u cn show me yours
ID	2	@TomFelton hope you have a good flight
ID	3	@BenFordham Thats Not a Golf Buggy LOL it's a Australia Zoo Buggy The staff use it to get around and give certain patrons a life
ID	2	@TiaSparkles  Yeah, I should at least try myself.  Have a good night &amp; visit with the Chiro tmrw!
ID	3	oh, it's @andremichelle 's birthday! happy birthday andre michelle
ID	3	@sunrisesister yeah, so quick! And I'm using the 5mm addi's I bought on Sat and it makes it even smoother
ID	3	@cherrylipstain hello nikki! i just ended my exams 2 hours ago!  how abt u?
ID	4	@krisreyes here btw, this is not a bot
ID	2	hope's she see her bestie today
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day  May the fourth be with you!
ID	3	Going to bed after beating the snot out of hubby w/ Texas hold em
ID	3	@dangriffey In France it was last Friday and also the coming one, we are working
ID	3	MY AUNTIE FROM QUEENSLAND IS DOWN TO STAY THE NIGHT! YAYA.
ID	3	Hehe, @stereogum in @brooklynvegan sta se malce preve? vivela v v?erajnji Dark was the night koncert  No, ob takem lineupu...
ID	3	Bank Holiday Bliss - Jeremy Kyle, without even bothering the Sky+
ID	3	@imeldalaura it's a woodchipper &amp; it's gonna top off the weekend just nicely
ID	3	@bellothika  The flowers grow!!
ID	3	Actually a great start to the day, hope it continues  getting my new american oversized bed in the evening!
ID	2	Well... I hate to leave.... but I must sleep! G'night y'all and hope to chat later!  Enjoy my li'l night owls!
ID	0	They are unloading a Leopard Tank just next to my office window. Hope I didn't piss off anyone
ID	1	They are unloading a Leopard Tank just next to my office window. Hope I didn't piss off anyone
ID	2	@bellelumiere So I could just do my own thing without having to live up to any expectations
ID	3	Ohh grandpas.. Stable.. Won't kno all details til tomorrow when I visit... Keep him me and my fam in ur prayers..thank you  ... Goodnite
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day! .... May the 4th Be with You!
ID	3	@nnaa the rain was pretty nice. I only have 150 meters of cobbles on my way here
ID	3	Going to have dinner. bbs
ID	2	where is the rain please come out
ID	2	My dad is taking me to school &amp; picking me up tomoz. Plus I have drama almost all day. Score bludge day
ID	3	@tommcfly i am glad cos u wouldnt lose me as a fan anyway  i get to see you guys on saturday evening at leicester  it better be good!
ID	2	is planning for surviving financial status after quitting my job, gotta find a new job within 4 months
ID	3	@Wildchickendew muhahaha you've joined the tweet cult... lol heya  btw twitterific is a good iphone app i use
ID	2	@angela_lyle Okay, und was ist mit Deinem Auto?
ID	3	is eating chocolate ready break
ID	3	@tothetech  welcome
ID	3	@mkasper22 Thank you
ID	3	@PhilLHerold Thank you
ID	3	YAHOO! volleyball, hiking, eating a fish eye, witnessing, sleeping on the beach, jumping rocks, &amp; hanging where Jurassic Park was filmed!
ID	3	@neilhimself Look at all this feedback!  You should do it more often, seriously  The crazier the topic, the better.
ID	2	@comedyqueen dont make plans mite go out tho if i can b bothered 2 get out ma pjs!
ID	3	Going to sleep with Horton.  Goodnight, Twitterverse &lt;3
ID	3	@ElvisHsiao  The website I'm developing - http://woo.sh lets you also share Videos, documents, maps and events - Later music too
ID	3	has the greatest friends in the entire world
ID	2	I feel like an M&amp;M McFlurry  mmm... But I won't get one coz I need to look good for when I go to the States!!! 7 weeks 2 go aaaaahhhh!!!
ID	3	@RobKardashian Hey fellow Trojan..congrats on graduation.
ID	3	@simonrim off to the cheese counter I go! Thanks
ID	3	@coconutfriend i should have shouldnt i, im happy you enjoyed it cos im thoughtful like that you see, and YAYA i hav 20 followers  woop
ID	3	wheelchair fitting today for mall buzzing &amp; Home Depot. &quot;Homebound&quot; just got REAL old  Goal: taxi yellow or electric RED!
ID	3	@calilewis Just saw you on TV for the Best Job in the World. Good luck.
ID	3	Java Concurrency in Practice is probably the best Java book I've ever bought. There's a recipe in there for interrupting blocking IO ops
ID	3	The Skimchamp Taxi Service!  best in the land!
ID	3	http://tinyurl.com/d3ul3u - Watch it!  And yes, @MargauxAlcid, it's lovely.
ID	3	@uyaerdna thanks
ID	3	@NLTonline please dont change anything in your site. I love it.. will always love it even if.. so, please? pretty please?
ID	3	study all day.  just finished my care plan.  hungry as hell!  ima go treat myself with a burrito, for a good days work
ID	3	@LineHara Youuuu're an aaass  my aaass loooool
ID	3	@hollabec Your hair is MY matt ball  &lt;3
ID	3	writing an email to my new host sister
ID	4	Can't sleep but is happy that the Fugees are keeping him company
ID	2	In regard to knowledge, I am like the little robot in the movie &quot;Short Circuit.&quot; I am always crying out: &quot;Imput! Imput!&quot;
ID	3	@chocolatesuze yes yes you should! Especially with wine and mushrooms!! Ummm I love mushies
ID	3	Special mention for the new Mean Girl @LemonsAreSour... welcome her! &amp; if you're not already, FOLLOW HER!! Night
ID	3	@mariaandros guns and roses baby! yay!  was hopin you would blip.fm it
ID	3	bali!! can wait for it
ID	3	eating my tito's home made ice cream  yum!
ID	3	@RobTSmith Good morning to you as well Rob, have a great day
ID	3	humm.... I adore Mark #hoppusday ,so I'm just going to throw it out there #hoppusday....... have a nice #hoppusday people!!
ID	3	@MXYZ_ I don't see how there could possibly be another choice.
ID	2	@ljs777 for the most part, not enough space on one drive to properly defrag, nowhere else to put stuff, but yeah, reassembled
ID	3	@BreakfastNews ETS (Endoscopic thoracic sympathectomy) is an invaluable surgical procedure
ID	4	my mummy is cooking dinner just for me because I missed out when everybody else ate. I feel &lt;3'd
ID	3	@HandymanTrainer Actually because of the several updates you have daily, I find them all interesting and informative. Keep posting.
ID	3	@EmilyAllTimeLow: yes!
ID	3	@scruffybee welcome to twitter world my friend!
ID	2	@BevClement I don't think we talk much about Banks these days - not quite as respected as they once were
ID	2	making Shell join twitter so I have a follower
ID	2	I hope I'm doing something right. Had an influx of reviews on a 1 year old fan fic telling me they love my style of writing for HP.
ID	3	@runsenorun that frenchfry-corndog looks so delish! I WANT!!  Welcome back to Seattle!
ID	3	wants to welcome @melizadeleon: back to Plurk again!  http://plurk.com/p/rp5po
ID	3	@hypahdorkx3 yeah. xD were so close already! xD i can talk to u about anything!  i love u gurrl. x3
ID	3	Great weekend, even though my site is not moved. Plenty other things to do and learn. Keeping the faith and looking to the future
ID	0	i just had the weirdest dream ever and can't see because owi credo is too brighi. But i hate guys
ID	1	i just had the weirdest dream ever and can't see because owi credo is too brighi. But i hate guys
ID	3	Packing gym bag. Off to the gym in a bit. Squee! I'm my happiest whem I'm on the go.
ID	2	is obviously getting bored celebrating summer! ) And now listening to music and eating some pizza.
ID	3	@JONGIRL79 that would be awesome  lol
ID	3	@Rove1974 If you mention this twitter group to your followers I would be very grateful
ID	3	@charley_bum lol *30 minutes slow* in a sec  i was just having fun tearing down old posters and putting up new ones
ID	3	@rowsell will be following you tomorrow!!  sleep well
ID	3	awesome lucky you
ID	3	Welcome to everyone  Playerstation.it is now live on Twitter. www.playerstation.it
ID	2	Scrubs tonight (8.00pm). woo!
ID	3	@pureelite Thankss  Someone sent me another text this morning saying happy birthday, was from that number I told you about last night LOL
ID	2	@bettytes hey bettiye,  i did see her. stay tuned for videos and blog  hows was obsessed?? i need to get thru exams then imma watch it
ID	3	@cheergod2002 yeah I can tell ha ha.
ID	3	Home Sweet home &lt;3  Going to see Hannah Montana The Movie AGAIN today &lt;3 DDD
ID	3	Nope, thank God, not on Air...  It's a REAL application, compiled code...
ID	3	@Appledoe Mmmm, I had honey mustard chicken w/ rice &amp; veges
ID	3	Rachel Allens date bars, so easy to make   http://twitpic.com/4jas7
ID	0	via @uhmmm: Christopher Moore &quot;You Suck&quot; - hmm tja.. sucks
ID	1	via @uhmmm: Christopher Moore &quot;You Suck&quot; - hmm tja.. sucks
ID	3	@Jasonalbi Oh yea, my pain went down a little bit from laughing so hard which was good and nice for once.
ID	2	I hadn't realised how Long it had been since I was last 'tweeting'... Now I'm on here I don't know what to say  x
ID	2	@zhayrar whoa rad ! coffee makes me stay up all night
ID	3	Do me a favour, tell me what you think about me
ID	2	@TeamCyrus  you`re welcome  how are you?
ID	3	Monday blues? Not today, not for me.
ID	3	@SarahAMurdoch YOU LOOKED ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL AND ELEGANT.
ID	3	@texasjackflash thnx 4 the follow
ID	3	@4_idiots hahaha! I don't work in a strip club you know  alrighty mister, have YOU done any public may dancing today?
ID	4	@paulusveltman Ja  Deze is interessanter - Why text messages are limited to 160 characters - http://tr.im/kpgg
ID	3	Great long-weekend so far   Going for a run now - no Judo tonight  Then off to Blue Water for some &quot;Retail Therapy&quot;
ID	3	@RealLadyGaga hey.just putting it out there.. you should come to townsville next year..elton john came in '06 n loved it. it was great!!!
ID	3	learning to play sweet child of mine on guitar.  yays.
ID	3	@fiercescouting oh really  hopefully it was a good one. I just was trying to get your attention thats all
ID	2	@Zingtoh Who knows, maybe someday you'll come home and find... *gasp* DINNER in your FRIDGE!
ID	3	@dr_aureole Oh my gosh, so cute!!!
ID	2	@StephanieMxx Yeah, I try 2 chat wif all too. It can b hard to find tweeps online @ the same time sometimes
ID	3	@WKJThD You are very much welcome
ID	3	@tracey1972 Morning babe!  I plan on overdoing it today! lol Hope you do rest &amp; put your feet up! xxxx
ID	3	I've listed lots of new beads on eBay!
ID	3	lol simpsons S20E19: &quot;first day at your new school, so lisa: have fun!   and bart:  DON'T!&quot;
ID	3	going to look in the refrigerator for a taste snack to eat
ID	3	love for vintage books...old books shopping this morning
ID	2	@ElvisHsiao Haha great, ok don't eat too many or you'll feel sick
ID	2	Another water leak in my appartement. The good side is that I get to meet the girls previous &amp; next floors
ID	3	bought beer today
ID	4	@mobileech Looking for a new SMS sending solution? http://promotion.itagg.com Get 6 FREE SMS with every iTAGG!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jaw9 it's the frog who's been attacking Chelsey..LOL! Funny
ID	4	@denvy Oh whoops, my bad
ID	3	Streamyx is pretty fine here, downloading Heroes and Smallville and also a movie. I'll still call it screwmyx though   // cool http:/ ...
ID	2	@AnitaBreakSoon Oh I'm on a roll now with these oldies!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jeu7
ID	3	@khriskhaos aww preciate the loves hunnie
ID	3	@meganandliz Hey guys! can i ask; what item did u guys put up for ur talent show? i am such a BIG fans of both of you! whoo!
ID	2	LaLaLaLand... why am i liking that song so much?! Anyhoo.... grr I have a cold, but thank goodness though the sore throat has gone!!
ID	3	Bom dia! Good Morning! Guten Morgen! I am returning to Twitter!
ID	3	Back from x-men origins . Was surprisingly good
ID	2	just arrived at @eurodjangocon, on about 150 fellows i can't see a girl!
ID	3	In a Drill Sergeant's voice: everybody wake the fuck UP!!! *flicks on everyone's lights* it's 500 est rise and shine beetches!! Lol JK
ID	3	now we are also on twitter  follow us to know the latest!
ID	3	@yojibee haha  I need to get in better shape first.. I have cageball on thursdays == me dead on sofa the whole evening
ID	3	@tom_howarth hehehehe I will keep silent now
ID	3	Only 5mins till my baby's back from work
ID	4	When life, as you know it, doesn't exist anymore.
ID	3	Dump your worries in the Stress Fire. Fun and profoundly freeing  http://budurl.com/c765
ID	3	has her laptop, her spasy phone, her cat, her music on and her mother making her breakfast! Lovage for you is that!
ID	3	re-reading 6th Harry Potter, did dishes, mended a cushion on the patio sofa, &amp; fixed one of the outdoor barstools. An accomplished Sunday
ID	3	@jambonboy good stuff, thanks
ID	3	Morning world! back to the office after longgggggggg weekend
ID	3	@onlyhis2109 i can't wait to see!
ID	3	loves listening to people practising on the piano downstairs
ID	3	@kameliamohamad LoL. I don't even know what intezone-football-competition means... Good luck
ID	3	@FiiFiiii ahahahaha you love Twilight don't liee!!!  and we all know I love Robert Pattinson!!
ID	3	Talking to my best mate and my boyfriend on msn
ID	2	Where art thou @niokiaquino? I miss you!
ID	2	Cloudy day in Berlin. Just about right to sit in front of a computer all day
ID	3	Going to body pump then yoga, then going to enjoy a lovely bbq with the family, loving the may day holiday
ID	3	just cos i dont have an ipod touch yet - doesn't mean i can't look at some apps! they're sooo cool.  twittering in school? awesome!
ID	3	@xranarawr haha i told you, it's not important
ID	3	Celebrating the fact that Norwich City got relegated yesterday.  Seems like myself and the awfully nice Mr Fry are football rivals!
ID	3	@BrisvegasLukass yes I do! I'll try posting some pics when I can
ID	3	@Lauratheexpat very very cute  and fun to watch.
ID	3	@dduane *waves back* Have a good day
ID	3	i finally found the perfect matte lcd cleaner!! i-nix screen cleaner ftw!
ID	3	Yay! I finally made sales at the gallery; Really helps when the artists are there
ID	3	@cottonandcloud Moooorning! Fancy a coffee?
ID	2	LaLaLand... why am i liking that song so much?! Anyhoo.... grr I have a cold, but thank goodness though the sore throat has gone!!
ID	3	I beat 3 bosses in Castelvania
ID	3	@tomfelton http://twitpic.com/4jam0 - Ohhh, how lovely! I'm glad that you had a great time there.
ID	3	i guess i'll do both since i cant really decide which one to choose
ID	3	@jamiewhincup Awesome effort this w/e,even if u didnt win.Good luck at Tassie
ID	3	@martincarstens I think your just trying to make me feel better!
ID	3	@rosehwang Good Evening Rose ....
ID	3	it's @andreamichellef's birthday today, wish her a good one assholes! Sleepytime
ID	3	@MrFloydNL  thankyou very much, you rock!
ID	3	@DustBuny: being today and all, WE'RE GONNA USE THE FORCE to make it happen!
ID	3	6789998212 haha love soulja boys new song
ID	3	@threalmiarose hey mia!  totally adore your music.  when will your cd be out?
ID	3	@bratinella, @carambs - muji  yipee. is anybody coming here? i can send them over hahaha. but can somebody bring JT's BSG disks? haha
ID	3	Down in Wellington for the Monet Exhibition. Casually just bumped into Wayne Brady in our hotel lobby!!  Mega exciting!!!
ID	3	@NikkiPilkington You seem nice, you're generous and you know your stuff
ID	2	@IDrive_Online When will the maintanance end? I would like to backup some stuff.
ID	3	@statkallday yessssssir!!
ID	2	Listening to music, Texting . umm Msn lol.  bit bored . lol. Garth Brooks wooo i love him hehe . &lt;3
ID	3	@besz Well, good luck then.
ID	3	Thanks to all who follow me  ... wish ya'll the best ;)
ID	3	@nirajgoa Oh! Don't you just love these Vodafone series of Ads ... The best picturisation ever
ID	3	Happy Birthday husband
ID	3	@shawnieora I googled him &amp; looked @ a lot of sites... I should have checked here first.  How Exciting, for you both
ID	3	@fanboy_uk Yeah, but it's Myst!
ID	3	@Cadistra Ah brilliant! Thanks a bunch
ID	4	@lynnftw I know exactly what you are saying.. its so not cool... that is why tapes were better  :p
ID	3	@MicaR yup it gets better again after S4
ID	3	to @WebAnime and @tbaggins1, thanks for following me.
ID	3	@chang_ROR Hey dude welcome to twitter  its seexyyyyy
ID	3	@peternomad Thanks! I know.
ID	3	@pyuric Enjoy the coffee. We miss you, petite puce (adica Puricel in franceza)
ID	3	@LEGmin http://twitpic.com/4jaz5 - Cool... luv it
ID	3	@shintabubu hey shinta!  i'm headed to bed now, but perhaps tomorrow night - when our hours overlap...
ID	3	@AndyeAndinha I gave him your kiss. Being a flirt of course he liked them
ID	2	Kaze the Knight. Third level, a lamp, a wish. Got fixed SDSM (first thought was about rubber chicken but hey)  #nethack
ID	3	cooked chicken soup for the rainy weather
ID	3	nick is so cute in the tiger costume  ahaha it made my day
ID	3	@audreythebaby gandang mac un ah! for sure, if its out in the market mas mahal pa sya sa macbook pro. ang cool ng concept!
ID	3	@rosehwang U R &quot;happiness pollinator&quot; 4 shizzle.   Good friend you are.. I am smiling!
ID	3	I am now eating one of those big subway cookies with a glass of warm milk. YUM
ID	2	just had steamed fish w/ oyster sauce
ID	3	has a face mask on. hehe
ID	2	@KrisColvin I would advise watching it in the cinema. I am sure the effects are worth it. Unless you have a monster TV at home
ID	3	@MurrayMelb A pleasure Murray
ID	3	Has had a really good bank hoilday
ID	3	@TaraAlberto i'll be there tom promise! After our volley  when did they start? Wholeday? Or half?
ID	2	@MissxMarisa Hell unlucky! :O and and it comes out next week here.
ID	3	@Broooooke_ kk's  have fun eating lol, remember shaun loves you haha
ID	3	watching JONAS for nick's beautiful voice to put me to sleep
ID	2	is amazed as to how artificial one can be  its just soo itchyyy
ID	3	@Brokenromantic haha malamang as one of my chef.
ID	3	I'm entering a two month study/exam period.  Which is awesome. - See you on the flip side
ID	3	@amtrak747 haha hell ya id love to find some boys to toke with, and thats a very sexy bike
ID	3	yep... i think i might have just made the decision to go head first...  we may be witnessing a historical moment... real talk
ID	2	@katcal always wanted to see that film never got round to it must get it on DVD tell me if its any good
ID	3	@TferThomas Thank you!
ID	4	@Gjerninger Are you sure you want to know?  It's http://bit.ly/AUuAC - it makes me want to run. In other news: Happy Star Wars Day!
ID	3	@Tigressreow Wow thanks a lot!  I can't believe I didn't think of that. XD
ID	2	@Faz4980 thanks  and ill cross my fingers for you, that the rain will stop
ID	2	@MrMiistro that's good. Im ok aye!!! a little stressed but fine
ID	3	@clumsy_steph yeah school sucks totally. yea you can be so grateful that you got a better place  man i cant tell you how excited i am hul
ID	3	just got Home from school!  it was fun ) oh btw its a music school.
ID	2	@rvailleux : woot please post a pic, I won't recognize you without it
ID	3	@heykt haha who thought that?
ID	3	@kayles yessss it does! YAY! told you it was awesome
ID	3	@margotrobbie oh that makes sense! Well you are officially my first @reply from a celebrity!!
ID	0	Jason Mraz is still serenading me, while I read &quot;Judicial Supervision of Executive Action in the Commonwealth Caribbean&quot;.  BBL!
ID	1	Jason Mraz is still serenading me, while I read &quot;Judicial Supervision of Executive Action in the Commonwealth Caribbean&quot;.  BBL!
ID	3	@Debbas My Mom is a nurse practitioner&amp;spent entire life devoted to the field.  The good ones deserve to be recognized! I'll follow her
ID	3	@OfficalJonasBro just watched it on youtube and its hilarious. i laughed trough it.. seriously guys so funny.. greetings from Germany...
ID	3	@LiesX xD send it!
ID	3	@juicebox07 i know how annoying that can be!  but theres a german saying'pleasant anticipation is the greatest pleasure'(own translation)
ID	3	1/2 day tomorrow  carla coming over after school.
ID	3	@nichelady I am with you. -#FollowFriday is easy enough for those who are annoyed by it.  I recommend relatively few people anyway.
ID	3	@ChrisKalydo Happy STAR WARS Day
ID	3	relaxing fragrances are SOO IN! my latest loves are still lavender &amp; chamomile--the basic ones  trying to find more flower scents..
ID	3	all time low mean so fucking much to me. i hope i get to see them in june. it would be so awesome. gaskarth is amazing
ID	0	@joolzP1 i was studying computing this year...bring as feck!! changing to plant science  next year
ID	1	@joolzP1 i was studying computing this year...bring as feck!! changing to plant science  next year
ID	3	April showers bring May flowers, yea
ID	3	@OfficialAshleyG you are amazing as alice, as if she was made for you. Thank you for everything! I now have a face for the character
ID	3	@Curious_Jo same with me...I like the freedom being an Enigma gives you
ID	3	Weather is lovely, I'm headed home via supermarket. Planning to spend some quality time knitting tonight.
ID	3	@Edna92 you did just add me haha  xo
ID	3	Good morning friends. Happy May Bank Holiday.
ID	3	I should have posted this for the world Pinhole day   I Love this picture. http://twitpic.com/4jb4d
ID	4	@emulley I missed you today...I know you must feel very tired. I will give you a massage tonight
ID	4	@frogworth hey, have a great gig! We'll have to do exchange of tracks via ze emayal  I'm all lost in loops right now and still writing xx
ID	3	Happy #juddday everyone!
ID	3	I've got great expectations of tomorrow  It's gonna be awesome!! ? http://blip.fm/~5jf53
ID	2	@rizkyinayati heeeey good luck for unair sweet!
ID	3	@grcrssl Helloooo (: Star Wars day is cool  LOOL. Wen do you go to Cnaterbury then ? x
ID	0	@neillavin300 Ok well from the pic i take it you do. Thats unlucky . Lmao
ID	1	@neillavin300 Ok well from the pic i take it you do. Thats unlucky . Lmao
ID	2	Good morning twitter world.raining in dingle- hopefully means a busy day for me
ID	3	playing with @elgg on a cool new website... hopefully ready very soon
ID	3	@piginthepoke  Lol  grey skies as far as the eye can see, which is about 20 yards
ID	2	just got home had a major daily tset today. its math and i wish i got 6 or more
ID	2	wellity! i think ima gonna clean my room :| Gay. i need to read a good book. sense and sensibility here we come! BEAT THE LILY
ID	3	@SeanTheROBOT  Awesome pics  Love them. btw Still Loving the Amajanese Takeover too!~
ID	3	@susieblackmon I know what appeals to you with knitting! Believe me I KNOW!
ID	3	is loving life in sydney
ID	3	@cindeelean I wake up at 4:30 during the week - and funny, Deathcab makes me think of you!  (&amp; I use your calendar to track work hours)
ID	3	@kenlee86 nice recolouring of your page  nobody is buying your anti-twittering words!! YOU LOVE IT!!!!
ID	2	Dear God please let me wake up before 11:45 AM tomorrow lol Got plans  Tonight was lets pick on Hero night. grow up, get a job, etc. lolz
ID	3	@nienerenee hahaha niene ur soo smart.! lmao i think that is who its by..  good lookin.. whts up gurlie?? i come home this weekend.!
ID	3	@PokerNostra Indeed. Have a nice week!
ID	3	@textualoffender Good Luck.. mine 3rd day today !
ID	3	@joolzgirl oh no! u must get 1!!!lol mum still isnt convinced, and we have 3
ID	3	Am soo happy about today .. the going home bit sucks ,, but meeting everyone will be aceness to the extreme  lol,, am so cheesy :p
ID	3	@lynajonas http://twitpic.com/4fnaa - haha love you two girl
ID	3	Few Bevvies 2day in twn..great on a day off!!
ID	3	@leeprovoost Thanks for the tip! It's our Company laptops so was aiming for another solution actually....
ID	3	is feeling waaay too cruisey and relaxed for a Monday evening...  oh wait..  that's just wine before dinner...
ID	3	Ha ha 1 point for the men
ID	3	i just woke up and remembered theres no school!!! life is good  xxxxxx
ID	3	@keza34 sounds like my kinda day
ID	4	graandma's houseee  i havee too leave now! &lt;3
ID	3	@rafikakikukeko of couuuurse fika  i'll pray thes best for you then.
ID	3	@wiseleo  i got named - and since you recco so few peeps I felt pretty honored... I gotta talk to you about blowin' up my ego like that
ID	3	@Mennard Its because I put radio 4 on by mistake..I'll have a cup of tea and a shower, then I'm sure all will fine and dandy, thanks
ID	3	updating my resume
ID	3	@journo_at_work agree totally, think though if we can take a point off Everton and Liverpool beat Man City we are happy days
ID	3	@hannibals Great news! we got it by the balls
ID	3	everybody is awake (well not everybody, u know what i mean. ma friends) haha, and I'm having fun AIMing them
ID	3	Half Marathon Training Day # 1 .........
ID	3	I've just about made it all the way round the park jogging. Quite pleased for my 6th outing
ID	3	@torilovesbradie no probs(: and yeah im still sick. no school today  lol. feel really crap but thats because im dancing lol . thanks
ID	3	Insomnia at its finest. Go to bed at 11:30, fully awake at 2. Grrr. Anyone want to call mee?
ID	3	@rosehwang Very early and I am actually just going back for a little more rest ..... talk  with you a little later ....
ID	4	discovering kindred spirits on and off line, here and there.
ID	3	@uhandbag I will  I enjoyed doing the peg bags, I've adapted the design for a tote bag  Bit cuter than I normally do
ID	3	@SmilinNursAnnie Far from it. Bali, a wonderful place but wouldn't have such music. Not that I have asked. Should I?
ID	3	My best friend is coming!excited
ID	3	Omg! Star Wars Day!  May the fourth be with you everyone  This calls for me to watch at least 1 film tonight.
ID	3	lol i &lt;3 spongebob
ID	3	@burntoutcar Just for reference, I don't own that dress either. Sounds like LH was a good Fopp buy then
ID	0	Ended up riding down brick lane  The A12 was dead (apart from scameras every 5 minutes) took an hour to get in.
ID	1	Ended up riding down brick lane  The A12 was dead (apart from scameras every 5 minutes) took an hour to get in.
ID	3	@introversimonDu sounds good.  and yeah, I turn 21 tomorrow so I'll definitely be partying.
ID	3	@annalisaceccato hey thanks mate your cool coz you watched it...
ID	3	woke up, now having breakfast and online, as every morning (except holidays and weekends), haha. then bath and school!
ID	3	@taylorswift13 heLLo tayLor.. just wanna say i've aLready voted 4 u i think 5 times..haha
ID	4	@sophieveronica Ha-ha abbreviate it , so it's not so bulky
ID	3	@pjaficionado Ahhh!  OK, remember the film now.  Never saw it though, will have to check it out. Thanks
ID	3	@Punisher5463 You Got Twitter! Yayy  xxx
ID	3	@Samiyusuf : Sir ! Everything Will Be Great InShaa'Allah
ID	3	@davorkapozgan CongratulationS. Great funky site! U did it waaw
ID	3	I'm eating egg-whites right out of the pan
ID	3	@HulantheHoly morning
ID	3	@keza34 yummy curry  save me some please lol
ID	2	@mike_taff_jones  Oh and...NEVAR USE KDE IT IS MADE OF FAIL!
ID	3	@b_luca LOL!  I'm glad to see I'm not the only one out there!!!
ID	3	new phones just arrived in the office. not much else is gona get done today
ID	3	@REOWsarah lol awesome i have randoms following me
ID	2	@fajarjasmin i'm a huge fan of Take That since i was a baby.. Yeah, 6 months really feels like 5 months.
ID	0	@vrikis Better than work, work, 10 minutes for lunch, work, work, work? Actually it might be. I don't work very hard
ID	1	@vrikis Better than work, work, 10 minutes for lunch, work, work, work? Actually it might be. I don't work very hard
ID	3	my it teacher made the lamest joke today about darth vaders birthday cuz it was may 4th. lol i love it. Happy STAR WARS Day everyone!  !!!
ID	3	climbed snowdon
ID	3	had a great shot yesterday, editing pics now
ID	3	@JennaMadison hehehehehe.....it play time now cutie!  lol lol
ID	3	@Crimsonmuse i just saw this! im freakin' starving right now! i'm thinking peanut butter fudge ice cream...&amp; now steak, of course!
ID	2	Reading Breaking Dawn
ID	3	well that rowing machine has paid off this week as i've lost 3lbs this week
ID	3	@RubixSquare Think of getting a job this way - only another 50 years now until you can retire  or the otherway (my way) 50 years of fun!!!
ID	3	@betscrr finally a pic! cya in like 16 hrs haha
ID	2	@ohmanitsjessa I KNOW! I KNOW!...stop clapping
ID	3	@butterflykate Oh ok..we're supposed to be going to see Star Trek on Sun for Daves b/day...at least it's not Shatner
ID	2	@BlondMobile not sure if i need to hear what VC's think.  There's been problems in their business models..  Will the momo thing be good?
ID	4	its the little things that I'll always cherish about you....
ID	3	@maddiMADCORE lololol i love kenan and kel its rocks soo hard and im watching it now..right now.
ID	3	@nannynick Ok then have a good day
ID	3	@JackieRunAway Hahahahahahahaha hope so.. I hope you'll like it
ID	3	@TessMorris i'm not worried -it's a great job!! Quite a nice way to spend the day
ID	3	@rainstopper have a lok at EF too! they are jummy
ID	3	hold on to what you've got
ID	3	@just_kap But I think it's cute.  Do this every night okay?
ID	3	I think today I shall listen to some Gary Numan before starting some remixes
ID	3	We just hit 10000 views on myspace! Thanks everyone!
ID	3	@khanserai Thank you  and hope you are having a great day
ID	2	Listening to Distorting a Code by Spinnerette and just cant wait to get my hands on their full length
ID	0	IDIOTat)MilanQ Heyy. Th*nks For The Follow.  Have A Good Night. (Frank_Whyte) #IDIOT
ID	1	IDIOTat)MilanQ Heyy. Th*nks For The Follow.  Have A Good Night. (Frank_Whyte) #IDIOT
ID	2	@taylorgodwin it is, and its shiny and if i could marry it i would.   ps. im good, you?
ID	2	@JLSOfficial ... but i could barely speak! He was probably thinking 'who is the weirdo?' LOOOOL. Say sorry to him for me please?  x &lt;3
ID	3	thanks to @ranukka and i'm now on twitter!
ID	3	@helenotway yes, it will finish at 7:30 tonight. Still the food has been great as has been the discussion
ID	2	@grentone No trips planned yet but I'll let you know if there is
ID	3	@Punisher5643 You Got Twitter Yayy  xxx
ID	2	@SmilinNursAnnie now that's an imtetsting visual.
ID	3	@FabMissK we need to be quicker if we're to keep our nerd streetcred! haha
ID	3	@sammythewizzy Oki! Great. All the best!
ID	3	is happy that tiff can't drop BIO so she can suffer with me  nyayhahahah!
ID	3	@BenPlouviez Lol - we're like polar opposites, Ben! Maybe that's why we get on so well
ID	3	LOOPJAZZ  yess!!! ez most bejn
ID	3	@chiron_uts bass love
ID	3	@taylorswift13 oh great!  hope you'll have a blast there! ;)
ID	3	@amandapalmer He loved it, so Happy Birthday!!!   He said you sounded like a mixture of John Lennon, Chrissie Hynde, and Janis Joplin.
ID	3	end of work... Thank God! I accomplished a number of things...  http://plurk.com/p/rpaag
ID	3	@tonystark206 I created a monster! bwahaha! oh, and I got your baby home safe and sound.
ID	2	doesnt have a hangover  and is getting ready for a good ol' english fry up
ID	4	@saikatblogger Its WoW! effect  Thanks for the update.
ID	2	@Nikkiko Congrats on your new phone!
ID	3	@taylorswift13 Hey Tay!! Plz can u write hey elin to me? Im sick and if u do it I feel better!
ID	3	@sajal I meant you are not lazy, your work proves it
ID	2	@luluberry_0981 LOL I was going to do some homework, but kind of got distracted... Again...  Goodnight!
ID	3	@Sazchik I'm in Devon this weekend! Cloudy, but dry.
ID	2	Haha. It's pretty good  they're making something with chicken  yum!
ID	3	@OysteinLund either way, you always tend to make my #followfriday list, sweetie - you do rock that much
ID	2	@ Nickchien @chaubella_ i am happy to break my twitter virginity with you two.
ID	2	Yay! I just fixed my blog's CSS problem that messed up the design
ID	3	@septemberblues Thanks hun, it was great
ID	4	@tomatosponge hey, no we were second, kind sad, but it's ok   guitar, guitar, guitar  BBQ and good time  what about you&gt;?
ID	3	@sparklingshoes yeah it's my friends 18th today as well ^^ it's always like a running joke we have
ID	3	@Sadie_marie better than Hudgens.  OMG our song came on on shuffle. What Would You Do - City High.
ID	3	@Leesa_W wow-thanks soo much. Hope your well
ID	2	never thought my daughter would want to borrow my clothes... even less that she would suggest that i borrow hers... luckily it didnt fit
ID	3	Official whine-tweet for today. Nothing specified
ID	2	i'm actually starting to quite like lily allen and her music, to be honest.
ID	3	Hey, Good Morning guys!!
ID	3	@Emmmaa___ haha im gonna follow my dreams now  well...ur dream haha im still reading over it for the 90th time  :p
ID	3	@uc_achillies  Thanks! And yay for being in my guild!
ID	2	loves the way the sky looks now i.e. no cloud at all.  but that would only mean that it's ultra hot outside.... http://plurk.com/p/rpb7t
ID	4	borred what everyone doingn check out links on my profile
ID	3	@JennaMadison That's ok then....  I accept the slave role...  Your wish is my command...  hahaha
ID	3	enjoying my new car
ID	2	Great day yesterday. Good win for Forest, some celebratory 'staying up' drinks, a trip to an unsuccesful bbq and 1.50 Stellas in Scream
ID	4	it's Blockbuster week in New Zealand - &quot;Wolverine&quot; tomorrow followed by &quot;Star Trek&quot; on Thursday!
ID	3	@Galiiit lol thanx, me too!
ID	3	@lopezwilfred Yeah, of course!
ID	3	On way back home after a crazy night on the coast
ID	3	@yaseminx3 hahahahaha, I have a day off
ID	3	@stayingyoung I usually do if there is choice, but I am lucky in that most foods I love are generally very healthy (except ice cream!!).
ID	3	Done with HW...gonna read a bit then pass out. Got a cool week to look forward too in between all the mayhem
ID	3	@jakeashley cant wait till ur may 22 show!!  u better stop by and hang out in newcastle  xx
ID	3	can't wait to be at home again.. let the sun shine and warm my frozen bones, please!
ID	3	@utterhip Good morning to you, however it's night time for me, so I am off to bed *hugs* Have a great day
ID	3	@work again thanks to my dear neighboor who also gave me coffee when I needed it. She is the best
ID	2	@AnsamsKitchen  walah me 2 still i am not getting the full idea
ID	3	@henrys_creek No worries - thank google! There's nothing you can't find on there!
ID	3	@nickchien @chaubella_ i am glad to break my twitter virginity with you two.
ID	3	Totally enjoying my day off  woohoo for Mondays.
ID	2	@EricaNurney Nah... to be honest, I'm not a 'drinker' as such....  would rather have a protein shake and go for a run LOL
ID	3	@beijingboyce  I am seriously contemplating timing my next trip home to catch his next fight. They show it in cinemas. Live! With beer!
ID	4	@Snowgirl1972 have to avoid the burning desire to say I already have one  no, no room for piglets, just enough room for chucks
ID	3	i reckon i could live of yogurt for a week if i had a good selection of flavors
ID	3	im home!  videoke at Funtime.. yey! got loads of tickets! nyahahaha!
ID	3	@itamarw #momoTLV is always good  IVA will have a special price for  #momoTLV guests..
ID	3	Gdnight Tweeters (: Night @athenakg sleep tight and don't steal my blankets  Otay! I love YOUS
ID	3	A lovely weekend away at Kits Coty, now relaxed and well rested and ready for the week ahead.  Back on NNC in two weeks
ID	3	@ItsKanye tnx following, looking forward to tweet with you..
ID	3	@CardineB teehee. it was a good show anyway
ID	3	I'm still up! Thank you all for praying (: AHAHAHA! I'm watching Britney: For the Record until school. Today should be a good day
ID	2	@imogenheap AM's good for us GMT-ish people, I think.  Looking forward to it and hope you're batteries &amp; laptop will be recharged soon.
ID	3	@danslevin You're welcome and thanks for inviting us to talk. #48hoursnz is like becoming a parent. No one can really prepare you for it
ID	2	I'm a new french girl in Twitter! And I speak English very bad
ID	3	@tomfelton http://twitpic.com/4jam0 - Oh it's so beautiful! I'm happy you had a great time! Heartz
ID	3	@taylorswift13 heyahh i thought u wern't cumin to london till the 5th ? i love you taylorr ..xx
ID	3	listening to faith spirituality and the internet
ID	3	Ha! Just noticed it's Star Wars day! May the 4th be with you, always
ID	3	Welcome @pbcat #Follow #Freude
ID	3	@ChloeCazRhi  glad your feeling abit better!  I think mine might be nearly gone now xD
ID	2	my myspace profile is OLLLD NEWSZ i need to editeditedittt
ID	2	@tyhowells Not swine flu I hope! Take care of your health mate  Tell me about your business derek_bell@mac.com
ID	3	Doing some test shooting later this afternoon.  Did I mention being in Holland for an indie wine festival this week? My tongue is red.
ID	3	@dfg77 Welcome to two months ago! Banjo Tooie is about to be released!
ID	3	@RubyRose1 you must love sydney more  dont leave us sydney kids  xx
ID	4	is sick!!!! and just chilling tonight watching Desperate Housewives
ID	3	@Midad This weekend? Haha yeah I'm free  Oh is Satish sharing with us too? Oh and which day? Friday or sat?
ID	3	Hope you all have a great Bank Holiday Monday!
ID	3	Is everyone for coffie?
ID	3	http://dayna.dreamwidth.org for the daily random-ness
ID	2	@player112345 Good Morrow! How are you this fair morn?
ID	3	@lifeincyan Aren't randoms what it's about?!!!  I LOVE that it's Star Wars day - I didn't realise and I can't believe it's almost over!
ID	3	Sitting outside with my laptop  Its kinda nice
ID	3	@Fran_v  haha i was in your boat yesterday.. you'll pick it up in no time
ID	3	my love makes me sooo happy
ID	3	@framianne and aww and HEEE. nicely done, your weekend guest! *approves a lot*
ID	4	@SoMuchMo aww, i miss u already! and this DEF sums up the wknd lol
ID	2	@nanashambles I don't have any
ID	3	@Irish1974 Its Bank Holiday here so day off
ID	3	Arrr. Exam is on next week.. Im dead.. bwahahaha..  I love you btw!!
ID	3	Ouvindo &quot;The Wonders - All my only dreams&quot;, a melhor banda do mundo que nunca existiu. Pra comear bem o dia.
ID	3	I'm back online!
ID	3	@pinkmango77 vll iwas mit kse
ID	2	is watching wolverine at last.
ID	3	@MistressB Am happy to provide backup support for all murderous rampages
ID	2	@inrsoul yup. That's the thing. I think 3 is kinda acceptable and reasonable for proper lighting and fill in.  U can run away with 2 tho
ID	2	@UKLisaW btw, i am actually just trying to get my own lazy bottom in gear.  Me lots to do to and still not dressed !
ID	3	Aww. I'm glad that I'm up at this obscenely late/early hour. Because I just found out that Forest Kline is engaged.
ID	3	done with facebook. off to jamlegend
ID	3	@jords_ good morning - you're up early! Feeling enthused to design your life?  thanks to manics for that phrase
ID	3	@taylorswift13 OMG! Taylors in London! Your near Scotland, please come visit Glasgow
ID	3	@vickytcobra wooo what a fight !!! goooo Vicky , i am with you
ID	3	attics to eden out today !
ID	2	I must have just missed @Slackadjusterr @Markinark &amp; I guess I scared @ARealRedneck &amp; @SilverSurfer_TX off...  Sorry
ID	3	good day
ID	0	hate public Internet... sometimes they don't even reach farther than the transmitter itself... and I'm sitting right next to it  #WIN
ID	1	hate public Internet... sometimes they don't even reach farther than the transmitter itself... and I'm sitting right next to it  #WIN
ID	2	@fossiloflife Leave multitasking to us women  @prateekgupta
ID	3	mmm... hot chocolate, ugboots and topgear... life is good.
ID	3	i'm awake while others sleep
ID	2	shut up.
ID	3	@purrsikat yeah thought it was awesome - glad to see some characters like Gambit brought back into the fold
ID	3	@tommcfly Aww tom, that made me smile  We love you very much too xD
ID	3	hey thanks for the follow @freakgoddess ..
ID	3	@ghostallday lol I like raawrrrr. Cuz I'm a vicious tiger. Rawwwwrrrr, grrrrr.  lol
ID	2	@Parascience house probably resembling your kind of heaven no?  maybe Ciaran's angels have moved in with you, hence inability to locate!
ID	3	should have started working on this lecture MUCH earlier  using tag clouds from google news to explain basics of content analysis...
ID	2	@Sixxjohn well then close your pretty eyes and count boring sheep  you'll be sleeping in no time
ID	4	@BigHugClub that gets around the problem I had of doing it all myself  good idea.
ID	3	@LeelooDogBlog it means that you are now FAMOUS. Congrats!
ID	3	@louis_educator Thanks. Photos look great - I'll comment them asap
ID	3	@andyclemmensen aww thanx andy
ID	3	Waking Up In Vegas is goooooooooooooooooooooooood
ID	3	Thanks to all my new followers!
ID	3	@ShinigamiGirl I love colorful horsies!
ID	2	Ok back later, have a great time regardless of the weather  PS I'm only a BB away!
ID	2	Getting back my English minor exam soon. dum dum dum duuuum. Me and Margrete had a burping comp. haha. I WON
ID	3	Thank God @aravindkumar is a sport and doesnt take offence in my jokes  Unlike the three good friends who have stopped talking to me!
ID	3	@zsafwan You are very much welcome
ID	3	I'm going to open up PROVERBS and get as much wisdom as possible-I'm hungry!
ID	3	checking iDestroy sales.... sales are good
ID	3	cooking with my dad  having lots of fun in the kitchen together
ID	2	@sawwaa I wish I could work like you, dude...
ID	3	Download movie  &quot;Jackass 3&quot; http://tinyurl.com/caotku cool #movie
ID	3	just finished the exam. I did ok, I guess.
ID	3	@Buchautor Hi Michael!  Wow, thanks for the kind words! Now I must find love connections for you just for your bg alone!
ID	3	haha wow there's a song called 'hit me on twitter' lmao. okay g'night
ID	3	loves twitter (Y) 38th post. mwaha  x
ID	2	@karinber Yes babe, you're so welcome!
ID	4	@vian1309 yeah real hard, but I know you'll get by with it... smile
ID	3	When will you be saying &quot; hello there NEW ZEALAND &quot;  haha @taylorswift13
ID	3	@drchino Yay! I too had some joy in that department
ID	3	Good Morning BTW - A public holiday in UK, love it  and dinner tonoght with 2 special people.
ID	3	RB @Nymph vi@asterion...t.y both  ? http://blip.fm/~5jfu9
ID	3	@kristarella If you're flying to NZ www.hot.co.nz is a great way to get results in aggregate.
ID	3	I be having a drink with Marc while Izzy is sleepin  woot woot!
ID	3	Greg:Showing my friends AudioBoo http://audioboo.fm/ Everyone seems 2 love it. Ta for the headzup bro. So need 2 get iPhone. Roll on June
ID	3	Rockstar photographer shoot went great tonight. A little different than the usual stuff - very nice.
ID	3	@kusuma06 aaa new follower! hiii
ID	2	@JeffShemano of course LOL about to eat more
ID	3	@ejoleski but i do emily ahahha you scare me, so it would work
ID	3	@Hedgewytch We're English (well in parts), it's Weather, it IS an obsession
ID	2	@krissysalisbury Oh, don't spoil my fun, lol
ID	3	@jaezors my b day is on may 13 but my party is on this sat  come you gays
ID	3	@iantalbot  ah you say the nicest things
ID	2	@willadam Granted, it won't do that, either
ID	3	ready to go to Milan  see ya'll this evening..
ID	3	Slept like a log last night, now I'm full of energy
ID	3	done watching Slumdog Millionaire.  Great Movie!
ID	3	@keza34 lol fine by me  long as its not the scary dude its all good
ID	3	Oooh! Apple are in the trending topics again! xD Yay apple!
ID	2	looking for my self... be right back.
ID	2	@Jen_christie keep the faith it'll be over soon
ID	3	@datadirt hahah  okay then thanks for this short explanation ;)
ID	3	@DavidGuetta_EN  we're waiting you here in Belgrade!! Can't wait!!
ID	3	A very exciting week
ID	3	@LittleFletcher happy #juddday, carrie
ID	3	@Karen230683 good good!!
ID	3	@baldy_za thanks man. I can't wait
ID	3	@HellenBach good stuff, cant wait for the results
ID	4	@QueenieCyrus morning miss sarah cyrus ;) WHAT'S UP?  x
ID	2	Going to see star trek
ID	3	@jocalling hope our wishes come true someday.
ID	3	@lindaloola Wahey! Fancy meeting you here  Thanks for the tweet and great to be twittered together
ID	3	@andyclemmensen heyyy you ALWAYS look nice  wanna come to my friend's party? its june 8th long weekend in sydney
ID	2	@A_warwounds_C I feel ya pain, I've got myself a nasty cold too. Get better soon
ID	3	@woodsciman ahh but sometimes that's the best kind of day, lazing around doing very little with a cuppa
ID	3	regarde les tant attendues photographies
ID	2	More big hair rock for bank holiday Monday always seems fitting IMO  ? http://blip.fm/~5jfuu
ID	2	@robertrich the no tweeting guilt trip didn't stop you huh?  I felt so bad!
ID	2	Lots of money  some DVDs and this cute thing!!! http://twitpic.com/4jble
ID	2	@lexia first ripping off the bbc design, now bebo? For shame..
ID	2	I'm hurtling headlong into a day of spanish and art. but my view is: after tomorrow it's just REVISION and extra frees
ID	3	@sexy_pickle lol, thank you very much Hope you're having a great day!
ID	3	yay, just got my stuff from rygegrej.dk  Perfect tastes like banana and apple
ID	2	@hnprashanth I can understand!
ID	3	@Princess_DJ Xmas a week early? Hehe, at least you didn't have to do any last min shopping
ID	2	@ankeshk @ankeshk I don't think I like this Roy Williams who dissects frogs while still alive &gt;  You look like Chachi from Happy Days
ID	3	Afternoon from office  My cubicle has been moved but not the system yippie! Mine is one of te few surviving &quot;good&quot; system..
ID	2	Is off to London
ID	3	@tommcfly happy #juddday, tom
ID	3	@andyclemmensen Heyy my teddy bear says i look very pretty and that Blake is to
ID	2	@joeconway ahhh.. what about the others? like #hoppusday and etc? I'm such a spazz
ID	4	@Naiadrisa Heh, that's happened to me before too. Hope the rest of your week goes better!
ID	3	@LeaLunacy Make a videoblog!
ID	3	@TheCharmQuark Hello! Happy bank holiday
ID	3	@utterhip Well, just catching my little piece of it - but I'm all for sharing
ID	4	@bennglazier nup no cd either.. just a whole bunch of zeros and ones you can have for free
ID	2	have been to portugal. and spain. and has a sore throat. scary?
ID	3	Happy National Star Wars day everyone!!
ID	3	@msluce oh! i love that as well!! all of MCR songs are great!  and happy star wars day to yaa xD
ID	2	@Littlepiddle1 hey chicLit whats happening? Just trying to promote my business, it's really hard!
ID	3	shout outs to @SPAC3MAN!!!! good seein you tnite. WE takin over like DJ Khaled!
ID	2	@Moonshayde I hope you aren't allergic to dust  Choc or syrup?
ID	3	seriously. increasingly good nights. stoked on life! couldn't be happier  #goodnight
ID	3	Oh before I forgot, Happy Star Wars Day! May the Fourth be with you!
ID	2	@LeahJKelly Well, all I can do, is pray for you.....
ID	3	@tommcfly it's the best day ever. it's my birthday
ID	3	Is looking forward to a yummy dinner with mizz Kate jones this evening!
ID	3	140 pages and i'm done with eclipse!
ID	3	Is at coffee bean, met Dean
ID	3	The apple keyboard is really cool. i want one. they used it in doctor who
ID	2	@jeffreecuntstar decent Australian guys are hard to find...trust me, you're better off with an American one
ID	3	Going into town later to get myself a birthday present.  An iPod Touch will do nicely I think
ID	3	@djcamilo classics are timeless...dont believe me, check youtube, google, etc. Numbers dont lie &amp; i actually performed it last night,
ID	3	@sarahconquilla Many many thanks!!!  (it's about school!) Weeeee!!!
ID	3	Still wide awake... fortunately I don't have to be up early.
ID	3	Morning y'all. Looking forward to a nice BBQ today. Can everyone follow @RebeccaMasters please?
ID	3	Chilling out....now the boys have gone  Time To Relax
ID	4	@dutchreaganite ROFLMAO! I feel inspired to go start a huge bonfire now
ID	3	Had some lovely sugar puffs and just been playing with my amazing dog jack
ID	2	@DannyjClayton star wars ............ is gay BOO??? i wanna do your jobe HAND IT OVER  u can act as me at my high school   LOL
ID	2	@jetskiworld  Haha ! Go Martin ! His fixed our Ski like a million times ...
ID	3	Thank you all once more for all your lovely birthday messages
ID	3	It's teddy chucking time
ID	2	@Aligonzalez43 its ok. im juz curious
ID	3	@wulffboy I'll give u an icecream ?
ID	3	MORNING!!! Hope you all have a lovely holiday Monday whatever you are goin to be up to!
ID	3	Guys, follow @ginoboi for the RX Twitterwar!!!! DD GO GINOOOO!!!
ID	2	@Echarlotte hi on twitter!!!LOL..i don't use it very much. its confusing sometimes. but yay!!!7 more days bubble!!!eeek  xx
ID	0	@emzyjonas Yea once - me and my friends flew out to amercia to see her w/ the Jonas brothers  . have u? haha i hate bebo :p . aw cant wait
ID	1	@emzyjonas Yea once - me and my friends flew out to amercia to see her w/ the Jonas brothers  . have u? haha i hate bebo :p . aw cant wait
ID	2	@locuta did I miss something??
ID	3	@taylorswift13 that video was funny  i'm just signing up now and i'll vote for you!!  x
ID	3	I don't dig emo shit or that, but I like this song sorry emo's  ? http://blip.fm/~5jg0u
ID	3	@kaOz I love the smell of procrastination in the morning... oder so.
ID	3	Having a cup of tea
ID	3	~ Happy Star Wars Day.every one ~  ...may the fourth be with you!
ID	3	@DannyjClayton star wars ............ is gay BOO??? i wanna do your job HAND IT OVER  u can act as me at my high school   LOL
ID	4	the dutchess - such a sad film but still a fave...
ID	3	@TrudyMagnifique haha check out our site its got some good ones too
ID	4	Boring. Sunny Monday. No school. Tired. Lazy. Hungry. Yeah, in a great mood!
ID	3	It's teddy-chucking time
ID	2	@mcevoy1rachael yupp t's better than people being rude to her  x
ID	3	@taylorswift13 ; i think you should come back to brisbane, australia. we loved you here
ID	4	day started off bad but got better
ID	4	am hungry.. going to eat... catch up with you guys later &amp; 4 people who are hurt by my sardonic quotes - why are you waiting, hit me back
ID	3	@JonoH Geez... it's like I bribed you for a follow back
ID	3	Britt - had to do it she came all the way down to say 'May the fourth be with you' - our work is done
ID	3	giving myself a manicure + pedicure  ahhh how i've missed you nice pretty nails...
ID	3	@chelsii56 hey Chelsea!  Is Your Arm hurtig from the vaccines we had todayyy?  loveeya
ID	3	national starwars day today- may the fourth be with you
ID	3	@hayfa You are welcome
ID	2	@dpressman well well...so sorry! let's dance  it's fabulous hobby
ID	4	@fudgecrumpet ok i believe you.but i have a belly button.lol
ID	3	back at Wingman after a great weekend
ID	3	@weshotthemoon most definitely will!  also, i wanted to say &quot;perfect time&quot; was my favorite track! it seriously made me tear up!
ID	3	finished watching the movie 'mirrors'. I liked it but it really didnt do anything for me  5 out of ten i give it   // cool http://g ...
ID	3	@sunshinebliss it was ok. Cute @ times.
ID	2	My mom and my little sister're gonna be back home soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooon
ID	4	night out had 2 b put on hold 4 2 weeks coz i was so ill last nite, gutted! still had a nice nite tho  but whers the sun gone!
ID	3	@AmazingPhil yeah haha, may the 4th be with you
ID	3	@MrsSprousex mee too it's looks amazeeeeeee
ID	3	Watching an episode of Friends during the lunch break
ID	3	listening to those litle hyperbirdies terrorizing the world since 4.30! lets cook em
ID	3	@Malena_Ernman Hej Malena, lycka till Eurovision! The United Kingdom will be voting for you!
ID	2	I feel so stupid for saying this, but.... I DON'T KNOW HOW TO TWITTER SOME ONE PLEASE HELP ME. Ppl please do not laugh, ok laugh but...
ID	3	@TessMorris oh such faith.......YOU&quot;LL SEE........i tell you........YOOOOUUUUU&quot;LLLL SSSSSSEEEEEEEE!
ID	0	@Miki_is_Rad yeah it was shit D: im so tired, i have a headache and now i have to play a game of rygby D: but ill be right  xxx &lt;33
ID	1	@Miki_is_Rad yeah it was shit D: im so tired, i have a headache and now i have to play a game of rygby D: but ill be right  xxx &lt;33
ID	3	@igzzie Easy, I'm trying to learn   Serious and normal....two new words for me ;)
ID	3	@snw well then you can do what you want and not what visitors want you to find out : can be a +
ID	3	@tommcfly awh Tom, thats really cute. i love you guys for that really, 'cause you care about fans  x
ID	3	@MissxMarisa we had scones this afternoon!! they were great  we're gonna make cupcakes this week, on Wednesday!
ID	3	@Zobi09 The cast of True Blood was there
ID	3	@missjerilee welcome to twitter my friend
ID	3	@botse that's a very cute picture ... but you don't get fat from licking BBQs ... he must have found some chops on someone else's ...
ID	4	Hate this song  ? http://blip.fm/~5jg6f
ID	3	@DHughesy Congrats Hughesy to you and Holly on the safe arrival of Rafferty David Hughes! Hope all is well  xoxo
ID	4	Well after a glorious weekend, it's only bloody raining... Nice BH in order then!
ID	3	s/s aus fshionwk- zimmermann,illionare,dhini + gail sorronda,ROMANCE WAS BORN,lisa ho,CASSETTE SOCIETY-loved the tutu, balmain ispired?
ID	2	@Karen230683 lol good..glad to hear it! I was totally paranoid when i bit of hair touched my ear or cheek, was mad! Ha! How's you?
ID	2	@hobbit_gd whoaa kinda hard :O that one that you think will be interesting enough to tell
ID	3	@hailoluna well, SNL is an acquired taste/ you're not listening properly. HAHA munching on walkers- cheese&amp;onions nw
ID	3	is chatting with Willy Valdez about comics
ID	3	@JonoH Did find it weird as I think u gave me a ff recommendation too. All sorted then. I can vote for legalisation of pot too if u want
ID	3	The wedding couldn't have been more perfect
ID	2	my n95 hacked  no signing needed.. thx OPDA
ID	3	@larasati Uh?Your US iTMS credit is loaded by your friend?That's really nice  I wonder when any of my friends do the same for me.Hahaha.
ID	3	Going to bed. Talk to ya later!  goodnight birdies LOL
ID	3	@fcharlton Seesmic Desktop seems pretty good. Nice find
ID	2	but im not complaining.
ID	3	@lollipop26 Love it! You look fabulous and it was so nice to learn something new about you
ID	3	@an_other Excellent analogy
ID	3	@MDurbin not long till we go shopping dude, its gunna be rather fun
ID	3	mmm, just had the best delicious chocolate pancakes for tea break. oh thank God for HERHSEY'S Chocolate Syrup!
ID	3	@ukdavew bank holiday Mondays rock, particularly when they follow the kind of Sunday I just had
ID	3	oh that was good cake
ID	3	Happy STAR WARS Day - May the fourth be with you!
ID	3	@carlocruuuz good! you joined the dark side hahahaha we have cookies!
ID	3	@omarabid Hehehe  I didn't really know that! Well, use your blog or Twitter to suggest interesting topics for ppl to engage in
ID	3	@smashingmag No worries
ID	3	:: holy kraut. I canNOT stay up this late. But the book is done and in the author's in box.  Tucking in with kitty-boys now. Nighty-night.
ID	2	@horstp funny that. We had outgoing email issues most of the day too. Thank the gods for seperate adsl2 connections
ID	3	heading to Xtra-vision to get part 2 of Season 3 - CSI Miami baby!!!
ID	2	i've just woken up
ID	2	happy bank holiday Monday, Tweeteramas! I'll be spending the day doing yoga and having OCD attacks. You?
ID	3	@MikeEscamilla @tonyhawk  that was flippin' sweet, dudes. thanks for sharing
ID	4	@Tizzik Yeah ill make sure i keep you updated.. i get it all delivered
ID	3	morning all, im off to sell 1.3 million quids worth of pproperty, well, i hope to, if i do i owe you all a drink on my commission
ID	2	@allthatglitrs21 - 21 days to go  Happy birthday for then
ID	3	So proud of cg, took 5 yrs in the making to get that number 1 spot  gnight twitter bugs...time to read myself to sleep.
ID	3	@racquel_xx i'm just about to start the second one  theres only two up yeah?
ID	3	@bobbyllew your lisa rogers carpool is now my alltime fave!! Good work!!
ID	4	@fudgecrumpet saw the deforestation.so not surprised of bad back but @mrsfudgecrumpet moan back at you.lol
ID	3	@kfb1991 I can't really say much because none of it is set in stone.. but I'm planning a charity concert for Cystic Fibrosis
ID	3	@Tizzik Thank you! I hope the same for you!
ID	3	Good Morning! &quot;RETURN TO WILLEN ISLAND - Spring has most definitely sprung&quot; ... http://bit.ly/EyRtT ... enjoy
ID	3	haappy bank holiday  2 weeeeks. aah!
ID	3	Don't let the sun catch you crying - Oh my.. so cool  http://tinyurl.com/cugy8c
ID	3	time to go home! take care guys! catch ya'll later when i get home.
ID	3	She got it , ohh baby she got it.SINGAPORE I'm going to rock your city
ID	3	Photo: Got my prints a few days ago, ready for the NorskArt exhibition  http://tumblr.com/xht1phgl3
ID	3	oh happy day!!! nice weather, smiling, happy baby and icecream later
ID	3	@hanaames Ah good. Glad to be useful.
ID	2	@Emmieman and what a scary reflection it was! thought you were going to wizz your pants
ID	3	uft im tutoring the lil sis  shes so cute, even though shes an eighth grader :p
ID	3	@unpolishedgem I love avocado shakes!  Especially so when blended with gula melaka and a touch of santan... noice
ID	3	@AngelicaV1 wow, that's awesome! i'm so happy for you. btw, happy birthday
ID	3	@michaelmknight Good morning! Nothing in particular, meeting people and having drinks this evening  what are you doing with your Monday?
ID	3	@david_henrie http://twitpic.com/4jbsq - looks so good!!  i want one!!
ID	3	@Alleexx1995 umm get ready, help my mum, give GJ his presents when he gets up (could be a while), wait for people to arrive, then party
ID	3	Haha Happy Star Wars Day!  &quot;May the 4th be with you&quot; - clever
ID	3	Yaaawwwnnn.....Heading out to the gym, then off to work. Happy Monday.
ID	3	@theroughguide at least I have an ironed shirt and i'm not really shockable.  hope you have a good day. Xxxx
ID	3	Morning world. Hello Bank Holiday! Cold and grey and rainy here. Feel like colouring thanks to @slammerkinbabe so might do that this am
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day  May the fourth be with you ;)
ID	3	1 day to my Birthday !
ID	3	Got my tattoo fixed today, and it didn't hurt to much, thank god  Can't wait to get the next one. $$$.
ID	3	@annabelliefman helooo, how wos work pretty, hope it was alright and a certain individual didnt ruin it.
ID	3	@SheridanPaige loool sheridan ive got swine flu but im still coming into skl tomorrow same way  hehe
ID	3	Days with cellstorms, I like it!
ID	3	YAY! GO TAYLOR SWIFT!! come to australia again!!!
ID	2	curious if they fixed the window handle in our room in the meantime  #edc
ID	3	@GinJam it was an adventure to say the least. I've been to nicer parts of Norf London but will stick with the south for today
ID	2	@roshnimo ask @RajaSen to create a fake competetion and declare you the winner and then gift you a return ticket courtesy the producers.
ID	3	@doast fantastic.... pick up a hooker for me
ID	3	sky diving was aaaaaawwwesome!!!! kinda bored now though
ID	3	@saraesse right on!  i'm 29 myself... i turn 30 in october. i think that pretty much makes us awesome
ID	4	@underdog1979 Was gonna say, probably kill ya, serve the sentence and be living on the insurance cash by now.  You are insured right LOL
ID	3	Just touched down in Changi. +1/2 hrs to kill before heading to Penang.  Must fly singapore air more often!
ID	3	#musicmonday Happy STAR WARS Day, celebrate by joining!  http://axe-tech.net/forums/...
ID	3	@JohnhampsonUK Oh very nice! I hope you have a wonderfully relaxing day!
ID	2	At LA Fitness, at work right now.....pretty busy morning
ID	0	Morning! Bank Holiday Monday and the sun has gone - typical! Hospital for knee at 2:30 and then training at 6. Another  bust day
ID	1	Morning! Bank Holiday Monday and the sun has gone - typical! Hospital for knee at 2:30 and then training at 6. Another  bust day
ID	4	So, what are you all doing? I'm eating crackers! Yummy. The unsalted ones of course. I only do salt in my caviar.
ID	3	out for supper tonight with kurumi in 10 minutes
ID	3	Son's gluten free birthday cake done.  http://twitpic.com/4jbwy
ID	2	ok my friend is about to dye my hair black scary i know, ill try to post some pics tonight if not tomorrow for ur verdict
ID	3	@lauramorris1983 good luck with it..Do well!! My best wishes are with you!
ID	2	@fudgecrumpet hope it isnt too hot a summer then.hows little one today,being good i hope.lol
ID	3	@ComedyQueen Well.... you're not called comedyqueen for nowt - are you lol
ID	3	@jpallis001 John - more present than ever- even online  #edumedia09
ID	3	Tweetie v helpfully shrinks longer tweet. Brilliant.
ID	3	@tdes Thanks for asking, Sarah  I am glad tomorrow (5th) is a holiday here in Korea. I will have some rest and I will be right as rain.
ID	2	@lyssiecc haha good phone conversation cat lady! You're gonna be homeless too  you didn't tell me u were having coffee!! coming tomorrow?
ID	3	Sittin at home, hellllllllsssssss yeah   Got the girrrrrl, the boysssss &amp; 2 mangy cats, this is a good time in my life.  Goodnight twitter
ID	3	The new view out of my window  http://twitpic.com/4jbx2
ID	3	@WilliamSledd Kudos! love some homemade french toast!
ID	3	morning twit-friends! welcome to my new followers
ID	3	@bexiclepop cambs will be better im sure! eeeeeeeeee under a week now  we meeting on the Sunday?
ID	4	@ChloeCazRhi why thankyouu!
ID	3	@damaliayo Thanks so much my dear Damali - prayers worked, as I am much better, God willing!  Rested! Lots!  xoxo
ID	3	Back in the saddle after four awesome days with @leeprovoost and the old gang  Will try and avoid a tweet flood after a long radio silence
ID	3	BARA, BOOBS, CLOSETS, ADVENTURE. AGGGHHHH ENOUGH! Muak mcm baby Gary ku sudah
ID	3	@andrewbravener Happy Birthday!  What's better than getting birthday greetings from strangers? Very little, that's what! (I kid!) &lt;3
ID	0	Why don't adobe realise no one WANTS to pay for Photoshop et al so they should just give it to us for free
ID	1	Why don't adobe realise no one WANTS to pay for Photoshop et al so they should just give it to us for free
ID	3	this is for @calebh  http://tinyurl.com/d8fgxr
ID	3	thanks steph...must keep me updated when it's ur turn
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day! May the Fourth be with you.
ID	2	@AnnieBGoode Yes, that would be pretty creepy. I think its all a bit more innocent than that, I think he just wants to sell some icecream
ID	3	Finally managed to catch her boyfriend on skype... sooo happy now
ID	3	@blondiepops oooh sounds yummy.  If you get a chance to take some pics  please add them to the website as we don't have many pies on there
ID	3	@Sixxjohn i think i been followin u 4 bout a week so yea kinda
ID	3	Dow futures up 60 points in over night trading. Looks like May is off to a good start so far  /f
ID	3	@LovestruckxO It's simple for those who know how to use it hahaa, i'm glad you're okay  x x x
ID	3	@IlseDeLange An elephant? LOL Try painting it from the back
ID	3	@john_hunter Ah now Comedy Central have Frasier all morning till twelve. So I guess there goes my morning
ID	3	@Miranda_life  Hey i like love iCarly it rocks.   my youtube account--&gt; http://tinyurl.com/cf63ud
ID	3	Enjoying afternoon tea with my friends.. Cake delicacies equal sweet time
ID	3	Listening to The Man Who Cant Be Moved &lt;3 I just love the connection with GW  Doing Dutch and might do some art later.
ID	2	Wishing it was a sunny day, then I might just be bothered to get outta bed! ..up the blues
ID	3	@dhughesy safer to say that your cube is now a sphere ... but roll with it buddy ... it is an awesome time ... esp the 1st one
ID	3	Yay for bank holidays
ID	3	@jsie Hee. I love them all.
ID	4	Wtf why am i JUST getting up now? HM:TM today  but before that... revision revision revision :/
ID	3	@rahulgoyal1986 Thank you.  I love my tattoos they are all very special to me xx My feet ones are beautiful  xx
ID	3	TAKE THAT, TAKE THAT!!!! IN YOUR FACES!!!!!!!!!!!!  Robbie won!
ID	3	Lil cuz coming round today she 5  aww  haha
ID	4	can't sleep throat dry as hell.. ugh ! still gon' wake up fabulous !
ID	4	@Beverleyknight Hiyaaaaaa  just got back from the scan! wow, was amazing, i cried haha, xx
ID	3	@LLCOOLDAVE yeah they r. im going to their concert at the end of the month
ID	3	I am now following @TherealWill - One of my favourite actors!
ID	3	Been with Sam one year todayyyy.
ID	3	@spreadingjoy Hello there! Thankyou. I always seem to make a difference in  someone's life everyday.
ID	2	Not only has it broken but it's Monday!!Does this mean Monday can be fix'd?  ? http://blip.fm/~5jgio
ID	3	Wow...VirtualPC screen does not go black anymore in Win7 RC! Also, there's no NVidia driver crashing...I'm happy I did the upgrade
ID	3	@LittleFletcher sounds great!!!! I hope you look so beautiful  xxxX
ID	4	@Zobi09 Haha yes I do  it's hard work, too! I didn't get home until 3:00 AM, not like I sleep haha.
ID	3	eating Nesquick cereal - 1st time since i was like 10 - good times
ID	3	@fudgecrumpet mines early nov,,,, will go through it 2 gether buddy!!! Man power
ID	3	Only 8 oral left!  then I have to learn them all but oh welllll, at least I don't have to write them
ID	3	Done some positive affirmation now back to the Japanese yay for bank holiday Monday
ID	3	@Dannymcfly i'm the one that kept touching your willy last night  oh you were amazing, thank you so much! x
ID	3	@DHughesy good job at the logies this year. Hell funny, and you're right about the baggin the logies tradition... so very Aussie!
ID	3	@supersense ooooo,  an explanation?, Thank god for that or u would forever be wondering!..I love a good night mare tho!!
ID	2	@the_anke What's wrong with the ski slopes of MK? They've got coffee shops as well y'know!
ID	3	@DHughesy so make the most of it  enjoy
ID	3	off to the land of pillows and blankets... mm, and the fan up on high... and did I mention the blankets? my favorite time ever.
ID	3	@ahoppi I hope you're tired for a good reason then
ID	3	@OatsAreRealFine I just thought I would tell you that you have..really REALLY pretty eyes.
ID	3	@DHughesy awww cuuuute  Newborns are so fun!
ID	2	@Dichenlachman Yea, D means direct, so only u and whoever u send it to can see it  But u can only direct msg someone who's following u..
ID	4	shower time!!!!!
ID	3	@OliviaPinupArt A big welcome to Twitterlandz grrl! Really wish I could have made it to the Bettie show,  glad to hear it was a success
ID	3	Jammin To Capital In My Garde  xx
ID	3	A salute to Chapel Hill North Carolina. From SY  * ? http://blip.fm/~5jgj3
ID	3	@mkarim thanks for the #followfriday as you can see us South Africans were on holiday on fri
ID	3	@lccsweetme haha that's way cool! Good morning
ID	3	Finally i have finished my tec recipe card and i feel somewhat accomplished
ID	3	I'm finally going to bed, everybody.. whatever you're doing, BE BLESSED!
ID	3	I'm a good girl...ALL work is done
ID	0	While driving u come across aggressive driving behaviour by another driver. U should... Chase the car 2 tell the driver how to drive
ID	1	While driving u come across aggressive driving behaviour by another driver. U should... Chase the car 2 tell the driver how to drive
ID	2	&quot;No more sorrow&quot;! by: Linkin Park....
ID	3	@tommcfly Tom, I saw again a guy who looks like you in my campus today. He's SOOO adorable... :&quot;) But you're still cuter than him. Haha..
ID	3	Is in starbucks
ID	3	@awrd but it is a good one
ID	2	Getting ready for school, good mood already
ID	3	Just planted flovers in the school garden with my 3 yr old...VERY MUCKY but GREAT FUN
ID	3	@rosehwang Always welcome sweetie! *HUGS*
ID	3	@amber_benson loved the #MacarAMBER!!!
ID	3	@Hannah_21Thanks, I'll keep working on her   @RoshiKK lol good idea!
ID	3	aha @Sadie_marie my brother's wallpaper on his phone is Dolly The Sheep  aha i'm loling.
ID	3	kinda done trying. ugh. oh well it was worth the effort.   long day tomorrow. night tweeters!
ID	3	@johnmcginn Hi John! Thanks for sharing that quote! It's soo true
ID	3	@PinkPixie bugger, that would have been nice but typically, we're heading to Bristol
ID	3	@babydestiny24 thanks  I'll check those out.
ID	3	@DHughesy congrats on Rafferty's arrival!  he is so cutteee!!
ID	3	Finally in my bed, &amp; I must say, I had quite an evening. I'm ready to tackle this work week &amp; see what next weekend has in store for me
ID	2	@echsizzles I am in Kuala Lumpur. And I know I vanished, haha! I broke up with my last boyfriend, that's why I'm back!
ID	3	@xanderprod glad you liked the gmail add-on too. We visual people like the asthetics to be right don't we.
ID	3	enjoying my Bank Holiday  Just had a meeting with the real estate agent who will offer our Amsterdam apartment for rent
ID	4	another week starts
ID	3	@AdeelAhmad Rofl u did?  Hahaha! Lemme tell Salman Munir =P =P
ID	3	just watched that  new T-mobile advert on Youtube.. i love it  &quot;hey jude!!!!!!&quot;
ID	2	I totally needed that sleep.  need to stretch and wash though now.
ID	3	@Jason25329 yeah well a deadline is in T-9 hours, that's architecture for you, oh well... mmm that coffee sounds like a good idea
ID	3	@abledragon The geek in me won.  I am building my own photoblog theme...
ID	3	Good morning!!!! Yes is 5:57am
ID	2	Morning  don't ask me why I'm up so early
ID	3	chillaxing really  Yeah man hehe
ID	2	OMG. Missed bus, walking miles, for a coffee  Went to see my ex-classmates
ID	3	@Dannyvan I googled &quot;engagement rings&quot; &amp; this is the EXACT ring i want.it was the 1st result too  *sigh* love it.http://twurl.nl/jaq5j4
ID	3	my monday running so fast!
ID	3	exams. thennn some sexy time.
ID	2	@willembuchner I'm putting in Societe Generale in China. Very interesting stuff but has me away too much ... gotta fix that!
ID	3	@paceyy Yeah I know  Things would be so much easier that way. I'm bored the boys are playing tekenen (I can't spell it)
ID	3	my body isnt itching anymore
ID	3	Happy Star Wars day! May the 4th be with you!
ID	3	I love the fact that it's a bank holiday monday and i can stay in bed
ID	3	@deanomarr Italy or greece for me  Love Italian men hehe ;)
ID	3	@twilightfairy ah well diff in opinion, no problemo
ID	3	@lezzles : heheI bet you have never looked back!  3 weeks is a long school trip!
ID	2	@DeveshM just had a look - missed out by a couple of hours, i'm sorry. i'll let you know next time..
ID	4	This weekend went by way too fast!  On my way to work with David Archuleta in tow.
ID	3	Thank you to all who recommended me for #followfriday &amp; #SundayShoutout.
ID	0	Buffett Lambastes Bankers, Insurers for Greed, Stupidity http://is.gd/wyAB
ID	1	Buffett Lambastes Bankers, Insurers for Greed, Stupidity http://is.gd/wyAB
ID	3	I just got home.  i bought twiggies and a toothbrush that promises to make my teeth 60% cleaner. - http://tweet.sg
ID	2	@TheRealNobody thanks  i'm up every night all night. bad sleeping schedule lol why are you still up?
ID	2	@KiransMommy I know all about the awful shifts! And he should feel better after he gets tubes in his ears on May 12th but thank you
ID	3	@gozinepetter love the song and liked the movie
ID	3	@kalowee will do  hee after exams, i'll give u plenty of shows. HAHA hopeless me
ID	2	Just leaving rainy forks, starting the long journey home! Rachel, if ur reading this, dont worry il send the stuff as soon as i get back
ID	2	@IYL86 Well yeah, the hormone things basically a given  thought he had misbehaved specifically to upset your mom and you.
ID	3	@TReiz I do. But still... twitter.com/monicafrancesca to see Gino in drag!!! @monicafrancesca and @ginoboi. this IS fun!
ID	3	@mainpa LOL! Thanks  glad I have the time off to spend with him! Can't imagine trying to go into work right now.
ID	3	@megfrancesca really was the best night ever
ID	3	@dannywood Good Morning! Hope that you enjoy your run &amp; gym workout this morning. Can't wait to hear some of your new songs.   &lt;3Pennie
ID	3	@bobbiehouston haha that photo is too funny! I hope he wasn't disturbed by passengers too much during the flight
ID	3	Joining twitter! Just added a random person
ID	3	Happy Star Wars day
ID	2	@LovefromNaja Fresh change from hearing i write sins hey!!?? Not that theres anything wrong with that!
ID	2	Been working on a framework for web based #SL application. Have product registration, server, login, site, security, &amp; comms all done
ID	3	Hurray! &quot;Summer-time&quot; starts today, meaning I only have to work until 4 pm, instead of 4.30. Until August! Yay!
ID	3	@Bexy91 congratulation  about the icehockey victory against switzerland..
ID	2	Is going to be off line for the rest of the day. Made some progress on a game over the weekend. @lvturner you may not like me again.
ID	3	@aquapunk @_Mintyfresh Thanks very much!!
ID	3	watched 17 again. sooo good!
ID	3	a sunny day brights up the day!
ID	3	loving Mondays for so many reasons!
ID	2	Star Wars day? I didn't know there was a such thing  May the force, be with you &lt;3
ID	2	Creating your business in The US from France looks quiet easy
ID	2	sooo 5 days till I take off  sun and sea u're waiting for meeee can't say if i can get all my stuff packed up in time.. &lt;3 Guadeloupe &lt;3
ID	2	@snagy no other reason? I wonder if she loves you
ID	3	Ken Wilber - Realistic Expectation of Integral Wisdom: http://tinyurl.com/clfzdx ...very interesting.  I don't mind the video quality.
ID	3	ive spent a lazy day today finding some interesting people to follow  its reinforced the saying... it takes all sorts of people ...
ID	3	@vi_dam haha, that would be cool. brianna and i should fly over there  haha
ID	3	@taylorswift13 the video on myspace is so funny...u run a lot hahaha i voted
ID	3	In London! Off to do the tourist thing!
ID	2	@SmellTheRainbow really .. least u wont hav 2 put up wiv him
ID	2	@rohant yeah that will keep my mid section down
ID	3	@emilyrobe Good to see you haven't lost your sense of humour.  Get well soon
ID	3	I just eat a reallyyy good ice cream!
ID	3	On the way to sthlm - it will maybe be a movie   // cool http://gykd.net
ID	3	Going to see my grandad today  &lt;3
ID	2	is so hungover. what a crazy night. i'm also in the bad books with mother!!
ID	4	Mentally exhausted.  A cuppa right now with almond biscotti would be really nice.
ID	3	@phoebealice_x when my brother is 18, i will have moved!
ID	0	; why is the font so huge?! small fonts rock socks
ID	1	; why is the font so huge?! small fonts rock socks
ID	4	Going to group therapy session, can't wait to spill my guts... Ha ha ha
ID	0	I knew there was a reason I hated cars! 1. Too slow! 2. Too big! 3. I get car sick! 4. Motorbikes are much much much more fun!!
ID	1	I knew there was a reason I hated cars! 1. Too slow! 2. Too big! 3. I get car sick! 4. Motorbikes are much much much more fun!!
ID	3	@scaree  I hope today just flows through and lots of nice things happen at work so you come home happy
ID	3	@weareinvincible THIS CALLS FOR A HIGH FIVE!  (Don't miss, hotshot xD)
ID	2	good morning guys!  experimental chemistry test this morning :s wish me luck!
ID	3	Im still in my my pjs  but I haveto get dressed cuz Im going to see Dancing on Ice live
ID	4	@abeen good question. Nepal PM declaring to resign and actually resigning is two very different things .
ID	3	@RHYSAHUGHES http://tinyurl.com/6n4w5o to prove I still have good taste..now dance , dance, dance, dance to the radio!!
ID	3	@stephenfry gotta catch 'em all
ID	4	@bwhips Good to know I'm not alone in my confusion
ID	3	is eating a delicious cheese-bread  (much batter than ANY  Bagle)
ID	3	@fraseredwards seems like a win win situation
ID	3	Okayyy  you can read it to me cause then I'll feel special haha.
ID	3	ah just saw my little nephews  all is well with the world again. I love those boys so much. have to say my sis in law does a great job.
ID	0	cry baby. janes joplin what is this? munsay music. but i dont know wich shit day i  am today
ID	1	cry baby. janes joplin what is this? munsay music. but i dont know wich shit day i  am today
ID	3	@mistygirlph thanks misty, really appreciate your support, thanks for the comment  off to spend day out with dylan down beach
ID	4	@se7en.up cm on anh  ko the chiu no~i noi nh Tifa roi :-D, thang Cloud danh dam gi mac ke no :&quot;&gt;
ID	3	it is so cute watching Matt play with the Wii as I do some work
ID	3	@chris_CLP i heard 88db is better for mixing down...especially  if you use 808 sounds
ID	3	@Dr_Peabody I'm pretty sure we got sent home a couple of times too. 'tis the week to remember Mary, Anto's granny&quot;the love is all around&quot;
ID	3	didn't twitter much yesterday.apologizes for not responding,goodnight
ID	3	@eddieifft You don't want to leave because secretly you know Australia is twenty times better than America!
ID	3	@miafreedman you looked gorgeous last night! hope you had a HEAP of fun.
ID	3	wow my weekend was pretty fucking epic  grr school tmrw ;'(
ID	3	@erry_reeves Thx Ri.. That's all because of His grace  Kalo ngga, aku uda nyerah dr awal, hehe.. His grace is enough..
ID	2	@knighttcat Oh man 3 in a day?? Torture much?! Well good luck there too!! I have exams for 19 days.How stupid? Soon we will party right?
ID	3	@LittleFletcher Awww you'll have to post a pic  I bet it'll look dead nice (y)
ID	2	ok, 1st ginormous cup of coffee down, monday looking much better to me.
ID	3	@Doc_the_BigMan hey! Ive never caught enyone on live before!
ID	3	From ME and no one else! Muhahahaaaa! Well maybe Jesse
ID	3	@cetras lol, anyway ni shi wai guo ren
ID	3	@bertgoethals Cool, I used to live 5 houses to the left of that place  Always something going on :p
ID	2	Dump my boyfriend, find a much much better man and the girl can get a nice knuckle sandwich from moi
ID	3	Good Morning! Happy Monday, Everyone
ID	3	lm @ TGI Fridays on a Monday.. Hee hee!
ID	4	@nptnmkiii so many rules - you expect people to be human and have a pic.  pfft.    good morning.  welcome to another Monday.
ID	3	@Jonasbrothers Nice skillz Nick  x love always, Marjorie &amp; Jemimah. Sydney, Australia.
ID	3	is back in fine old melbourne town....
ID	2	@Coughran Soon I hope... Really need to finish the cloning project so I can get more done
ID	3	is sipping OJ in the sun in San Pedro at La Soberana again, with sunny smiley Nita...  The garlic tomato paste is delicious! Yummy!!!
ID	4	@Sweet_Charlotte We should! There will be another thrown I'm sure but this one will be with my American family
ID	3	@_elj OK nice one, cheers boss.  Am liking the lack of FCS today.
ID	3	@missdaisymusic is ben! got yourself a twitter, good work
ID	3	Up, I slept in till 11.02 !!! Shooting a new vid today
ID	2	just a week left till radio:active dvd come out! i really can't wait
ID	3	@aaraddict #MusicMonday I agree it's just an excuse for me to tweet music for hours on end
ID	3	i'm in the garden. Making pictures, weed an sweep. The weather is nice!! See you l8ter people!
ID	3	@Dollburrell Ooh, cutting. I like you
ID	3	I designed a new shirttttt.
ID	3	cant wait for thursday!
ID	3	@charavel nice! now gimmeh some nice stuff
ID	3	&quot;It's Like That (and that's the way it is)&quot; - Run DMC  ? http://blip.fm/~5jgvk
ID	2	@marinesetwas dann mach mal!  #12seconds
ID	3	@Cocodemerusa Joined you on facebook!
ID	3	is getting ready to start the work week...work 2 off 3 then work 3 more. It's not bad  Have a great one everybody!!
ID	3	@Mizz_Trouble my pleasure sweetie! Lookin forward 2 gettin 2 know u
ID	3	I am back from my weekend getaway! Energized for another week, bring it on! lol
ID	3	@AntonKiselev Congrat on 4AM. I do it every day since one month.
ID	3	@DavidArchie Hey David, I'm wondering if you received a letter that has a song in it? From Malaysia? please reply  and have a nice day!
ID	3	@WWisewolf Hey. Oh my. Remember to take some time to actually enjoy the day!  I've loads to do too. Better crack on! Have fun today.
ID	3	happy bank holiday monday twitter! bath time, spring clean, movie marathon , lazy day
ID	2	@caluvminwoo  Way too many people indeed... I only recognize the Chinese guy... LOL
ID	3	installing dvt card for loonix, fingers crossed, I hope it turns out as well as my android upgrade
ID	3	@tracey1972  @pamjob See you later lovely ladies.  Be Good &amp; I love you millions  xxx
ID	3	It's those little things you do, that make me love you.
ID	3	@themanwhofell compliment taken. Thanks. Key is to be yourself
ID	2	Market whn goes lower also problem and when it goes like a wild bull also problem
ID	3	@playfulpixel That sounds good
ID	3	yay back at home
ID	2	@Amileegrant its hilarious
ID	3	Hi Charlie, thank you for following me! Nice to know there's another Ollmann in the new world...
ID	3	Just up  the longest lie in a while thank goodness, neck still painful but today i am going to head out (y)!
ID	3	Apparently it's #starwarsday
ID	3	100 Followers  Bom Dia!!
ID	2	@AKAVirtualPA Kat Stewart did a great job with a great character not that I watched #underbelly in Victoria
ID	3	Is getting more and more excited about thorpe park tomorrow
ID	3	@veronica11258 ok i got you! Knight!
ID	3	@kaushal Thanks man  glad u liked it
ID	3	Happy Bank Holiday
ID	3	@CyranDorman Woot! I have created something inspirational! ;) Look forward to seeing more of your writings
ID	3	Gonna run to the gym to get my workout in before my really f'kin big pile of mulch arrives at around 8 or 9am! I'm excited about my mulch
ID	3	? I had great time in Boston. Thanks to my baby girl.   http://plurk.com/p/rplmy
ID	3	@pattidigh we are all so proud of you! I am seriously thinking of joining you next year. Got to get training
ID	3	Finally was blessed to see the MOON
ID	4	@sparklethots love that birdy nest! though i already got us another kind
ID	3	@levitte: yay! it will be good to have you back
ID	3	OK. Happy Star Wars Day, everyone. As they say, May the 4th be with you
ID	2	Shower/traffic/factory yaaaay
ID	3	@PembsDave Hope you're having a relaxing day. I feel so laid back I can't stand up
ID	3	@NZNewsboy damn straight you know what the game is, and if you've heard the tracks you'll know why I've been rocking out
ID	2	@stephenfry  I've been single so long all I have is a Hans Solo
ID	3	@timscott2 Cool. Whenever I see someone is making so much. I tell them I WILLING to help them spend  So what's your deal?
ID	3	Had to play one more and share the vibe of this song. Something about it jus' brings out the feel good.   Ta... ? http://blip.fm/~5jh0u
ID	2	It's 6 am, I haven't been to bed yet, and I just got my second wind.  Guess I should edit or read or something until I feel tired huh?
ID	3	@hypnoticzexy Ooooh, so you're the dream husband. lol =D I saw Stranthorpe on a map today and thought thought of dear Shea! lol
ID	3	Time to snuggle up in bed with the electric blankie on
ID	3	Nothing like 10P to kick-off the Bank Holiday, dig the haircut Luke! Next stop...Selfridges
ID	3	@chuckdarw1n whew! thassa relief
ID	3	@lollipop26 that was a really good interview to read, really enjoyed it  x
ID	3	just set up a new computer again. 15min. I love Norton Ghost.
ID	3	is listening to Sunlounger's music, waiting for the sun to set.
ID	3	@christhesoul well doesn't that look fab, even if I do say so myself!
ID	3	is such a good big cousin as shes taking her little cousin to see hannah montana the movie next weekend
ID	3	@KADENMCNEIL - try thinking of something calm and peaceful, such as relaxing on the beach.
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day  - May the Fourth be with you
ID	3	@fromlucy thank you dearie -- I just followed dome of them on there too!
ID	3	@keza34 @ComedyQueen morning
ID	3	@thorsonb well.. i dont have to do any resits... lol... so its MY last exam
ID	3	new Delerium's music video (http://tr.im/kpu3). mixed by Tiesto. i guess Bill Leeb finally forgot his music's roots
ID	3	@vectorfunk Presentation went well  Yes, I also met a buch of cool people. Checked your portfolio, nice work/details in the projects.
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jccd - and also these hi top Reeboks.  cause i can
ID	3	yaaayyy !  no work today
ID	3	Don't we all love bank holidays
ID	3	done with the dentist until November
ID	3	Needs a yummy breakfast after her shift
ID	3	@mayalabeeDC3 I know!! our cats could be family  mikesh is so cute!!
ID	3	May the 4th be with you  (via @matthew858) Thanks. I get it now. And it's awesome.
ID	2	@paminnewzealand Hiya! You might want to delete and retweet - the link to your blog doesn't work
ID	2	3 days of frisbee, three nights of partying and sprained ligaments. Can't imagine a better long weekend
ID	3	@kcghosthunters can't wait to hear the evp! And cuuuute picture.
ID	3	Having a pj dayy.....Doesnt happen veryy often
ID	3	@projiuk cool  that's good. You back on trains for a while?
ID	3	@theclassiccrime i love your music  especially the fight, thats a awsome song by far !
ID	3	@taylorswift13 WOOOOOOOOOO   are you coming to Nottingham at any point?  lovelovelove&lt;3
ID	3	GOODNIGHT MAGIC AND PRETTY WORLD
ID	0	I hate mondays, but I love @revision3's schedule. HELLO, DIGG REEL!
ID	1	I hate mondays, but I love @revision3's schedule. HELLO, DIGG REEL!
ID	3	Came back from Bishopstorford! Went to my Aunt's wedding party by the way. It was fun! I got to see my cousins again after about 3 years
ID	2	i want to see go:audio, someone take me please?  5DAYS(L)
ID	3	@chaz81 Do U have a Morrisons near u?? Their chemist should be open!
ID	3	@colbyrne totally agree
ID	3	@Cyberwest thanks for that twitpic, sure made me laugh
ID	3	@dajuin Appending the #verticalchinese hash tag is a nice touch.
ID	2	Going to bed  how's ever reading this
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jcfg - About to cycle within this quarry on Shipley glen near Baildon moor before heading back through the woods
ID	3	@BeMeaningful thanks for FF wink
ID	3	Mahalo  great show! @CollieBuddz  aloha, thx for makin it out to Kauai, we enjoyed it!  Safe trip
ID	3	@areyoumee yeaaaah lol, i'm just insane
ID	3	@kayla314 ahhh ikr! he's the cuteset thing ever  Plus it reminds me of twilight which is good cause I looooooove it so much!!
ID	3	@tomfelton http://twitpic.com/2dmtn - I saw this pic and it reminded me of you in Anna and the King.. so cuuuute little fella
ID	3	@XxkelliemariexX Ohh thankss bubble  We have some of your things you left here, We are going to send them before we go  Missing youuu!
ID	3	i am kind of excited to go to school today. i dont know why. hopefully it will be a good day
ID	3	Pretty happy with how things have changed over the past 2 months...definitely for the best
ID	3	is loving life
ID	3	@ankitbathija Did we hear our name ? Thanks Ankit, get them on to our parlour   #HokeyPokeyBandra
ID	3	@rrolyat THANKYOU!  &lt;3 iloveyoutwoooo
ID	3	Ideas gallore!!  Rock Opera FTW!!!! Yes tweets Kayleigh and I are writing a rock opera.  For more info email us: CoatAndKay@hotmail.com
ID	3	Loving my new HR monitor
ID	2	@VideoHive Here's getting cold.. And I got my coffee break 2 minutes ago. Enjoy your drink
ID	3	FINALLY DONE WITH MY PROJECT !  now its 3:12 am  haha goodnights ! &lt;3
ID	3	@Wookiesgirl I was thinking, &quot;I never see her tweet.&quot; Well, duh - if I don't follow you, I can't! Now I can.
ID	2	Hope it becomes okay soon @samaliksi
ID	2	@forrrrrrrrrrest http://twitpic.com/4jazs - Congratulations! You two are adorable. Beautiful ring too!
ID	2	@Shauntrice my bad homie
ID	3	Ok Twitter - show me what your all about
ID	3	I uploaded my  random fandom trailer to youtube, check it out in here. It's also in HD  http://tinyurl.com/d5oyfl
ID	3	What do you think I'm doing at the moment? Yeah you guessed it  http://www.phoenixfm.com/listen-now.php
ID	3	@unknownnunes Goodmorning to you!Thank you so much for being so kind? The sun is out and I'm going to paint outside
ID	2	Unlike cierra, i look like poop today. Whatevahh, lol.
ID	3	CAPONES island in 2 days!!! my summer is just starting...
ID	3	&quot;We did it we did it oh yea yea yea no eating here tonite woo eating here tonight no no no eating here tonite you on a diet&quot; finding nemo
ID	4	thats my moan for the day
ID	0	@beachNZ yep nothing better
ID	1	@beachNZ yep nothing better
ID	3	Already back from shopping and about to do a nice monday roast
ID	3	@vileness now that is hilarious. I can imagine their reactions.
ID	3	@sofiavalentine cool baby, when are you going to go? I'll be there in July!
ID	3	@R1CC1 that's funny...well, i'll say bye again b/c i'm really THAT delirious...lol... i worked 13 hrs i think...crazy...anyhoo bye lady!
ID	3	Done! Finally.. Yay.. Now I can relax for.. Well one day ;D haha..
ID	3	@WatariGoro Yep. I hope my lame attempt with the spaces helped me to hinder them, lol. I know tomorrow I guess.
ID	2	*flop* back after going out to bag #geocache GC1QR2R nice hide.
ID	3	@blasha do it and I'll give you the first hug
ID	3	I LOVE TWILIGHT !!!
ID	3	@Megzx lol, get watching it again  hehe
ID	3	@lisibo &quot;grace and skills of a newborn giraffe &quot; is a great visual aid!    Fabulous language to use as an example for kids.  Thx!
ID	3	says i always love fifth!   and tomorrow is 5th!  (dance) http://plurk.com/p/rpmyd
ID	2	writing my english original writing storyyyyy. and listening to 'a little respect' by erasure  aaaaaah.
ID	3	May the 4th be with me today as I round off the weekend with one more session - happy 4th y'all from the Fintster
ID	3	In honour of #starwarsday, I have fired up a New Hope in the DVD player in full THX glory
ID	3	@louisebolotin Funny how much difference simple changes make! Bed looks ace
ID	3	Welcome new followers also
ID	3	@MiaMiaDC Good morning MiaMiaDC  My weekend was great and I just had my Monday, which was also great  I hope you have a wonderful day!
ID	3	Watching the hills  arghh i lovee itt ) makin r liam watch it with me haha... girls aloud in 15 Dayss cannot waitt too see cheryl x
ID	3	@ExocetAU Hey lovely.. hope you had a good day  Thanks for an awsome night and teaching me how to put together a tie...hahaha
ID	2	@yumecouk haha, nice wheels. Victoria will be doing her own peddling thankfully, the boys will get the free ride
ID	3	@suziperry Yay good for both of you. Enjoy the break - you probably need it after such hectic weekend  Take care hun xxxx
ID	3	@Gertrudesteinjr That's kinda cute, to be honest
ID	3	I just got a twitter account
ID	4	@Yassak you hate her, I love her.  presentation got cancelled. I got up at 0600 and went in to work today for this pitch !
ID	3	@tankianann it actually is ;) According to all the retweets, at least!
ID	3	@lharp @franto it's an app to finally face the truth: you lack time, and never be able to achieve all your goals in life?
ID	2	Happy star wars day! May the fourth be with you
ID	3	@perpetualspiral I LOVE pb &amp; banana sandwiches!! Still a fav of mine
ID	3	is going to have a relaxing, hot bath  goodnight for now then twits, &amp; dont worry andy i love you more than twitter hehe
ID	2	@Epiphora  I'd have read it but I'm not sure you would have wanted my opinion
ID	3	looking forward to Ben's baseball game tonight
ID	4	@FotoWala Nice - your book will be a ready reckoner for new stuff next time I'm there!
ID	2	i  miss my boyfriend so much like you don't even know ;/ but in 2 hours i'll see his oval face
ID	3	@MelanieFresh27 Yep, tomorrow night, 10:30! Just saw the ad *squeals* LOVED this season
ID	4	well i'm gonna go now.  goodbye all.
ID	3	@piyush_ranjan Did I ever mention what a nice and awesome dude you are?
ID	2	It's going to be a good week
ID	3	listening to some music. kate voegele is really great!
ID	3	'before you wake' - we sink ships photography exhibition is ONLINE http://tinyurl.com/dfs7fy please have a look
ID	3	mint choc ice cream whilst studying.....now thats good
ID	2	now going to watch the brand new episode of 'The Hills'  cant wait!!
ID	3	@emnorm ha ha, no, will be thankful i am not dragging them up a mountain today
ID	3	Good episode of Top Gear tonight.
ID	3	With that said, I'm out til later. Enjoy your day everyone!
ID	3	Hiya!!! I am good thanks..how's yourself..doin anything nice today?
ID	3	@lapix Thanks Ennio
ID	0	@coollike &quot;And I'm packing your ANGRY eyes, just incase&quot;
ID	1	@coollike &quot;And I'm packing your ANGRY eyes, just incase&quot;
ID	3	@Andreaheartscgh ooo thanks for the danger radio link  loves it...how did the test go?
ID	3	bout to go to bed... pretty good day for a Monday.
ID	3	Caught on Google Street View http://twitzap.com/u/aw4 - A couple of good ones
ID	3	@jennettemccurdy I LLLOOOVVVEEE ICARLY
ID	3	@boffy my sympathies - been here 20 minutes and had enough - will escape soon
ID	2	In a rush....   Lunchtime anyway
ID	3	@harlequinne haha neither am I. It doesn't matter though you guys do what you want
ID	2	morning.. just,  going to destroy a few more  trees in aid of research
ID	2	@learymay Oooh... that's right by the zoo... think... in 2 months' time that could be our regular other meeting place
ID	3	@heyuguysblog No I haven't had chance to watch that yet...going to have to get hold of it.   Thanks for the tip.
ID	3	I'm wondering how big the rumored new 'large screen' Kindle will be - http://is.gd/wyFI -and when we can start seeing K12 textbooks on it
ID	3	@LifesavvyChic I appreciate your kind words. I am glad that the words resonate with you
ID	3	is feeling very happy despite the amount of work that i need to do today!!! Happy times
ID	2	@EmmaJaney ohh, yeah well. im sick today so i win
ID	3	@FollowSavvy @FollowMandy heyyhoo!heyhey
ID	4	Waaaa. I ran my machine problem! Yeah!
ID	4	eating breakfast  getting ready to go to school ;(
ID	0	gooooodnight  i fully gave up on my english. pride and prejudice. love the movie HATE the book ;)
ID	1	gooooodnight  i fully gave up on my english. pride and prejudice. love the movie HATE the book ;)
ID	2	@silmy Bandung, my hehe but I'm home now
ID	3	And happy star wars day
ID	3	Namaste! Hooray for Monday! Undaunted by a 3am wakeup, I consider it is 9am in London and feel justified. Bright side to everything!
ID	3	@erikarhanetan yeah i did  i remember it na....... i did watch it before )
ID	2	@craigend I only do computers. Am hopeless at everything else
ID	3	IDIOTat)tux11 That's cool.  Th*nks for the follow.   (techyuppie) #IDIOT
ID	3	@SonjaNorwood ,,, hey mom,,
ID	3	It worked. Cool AND the gang!
ID	4	@iamdiddy If I knew it was gonna be this kind of party, I would've stuck my dick in the mashed potatoes!
ID	2	collage. what is feminism?
ID	3	On my way home. I think i am over him
ID	2	@dipfico: hmmm, wrong link, ignore my tweet
ID	3	@guybatty Yes,it's beautiful and i'm fortunate to live in the thick of it..Very relaxing
ID	3	morning all!!! have a blessed day!!!
ID	3	@ireal Well alright. But #dollhouse is still fricking awesome. Elisha's performance in last weeks episode sold me there too, finally
ID	3	@Fuzzy2230 anyways have a severe headache ryt now! i jst love dis cup of tea i made me self!! its makin the headache go away
ID	3	@inkcircles Thank you!
ID	3	@quinland    Lmao Yes its on the 27th  I get so excited lol
ID	3	@katoi awww, a very happy birthday to him
ID	3	@nikkiwoods no problem! i think it's a great thing to reflect on.
ID	2	@lauVanExel @Ramoso, just dont understand what's it got to do with me. I'm just a nice girl
ID	3	@Darcevarchy Re novel - will keep you posted
ID	2	@superrichguy werd. that's very true
ID	3	gooodmorning people of earth!
ID	3	you belong with me may be my favourite music video ever, and lucas till makes it just that little bit better
ID	3	@ckanal funny you should say...am filling it out as we speak ;) cheers!
ID	3	going on a picnic with my dad - atleast i persauded him out of the idea of walking &amp; cycling. yum, special k.
ID	3	Can you dig it, sucka?  Booker T.  Former WWE Wrestler
ID	3	looking at tabs for all of the &quot;Boys Like Girls&quot; songs
ID	3	@tialebott haha you are just as bad as I am.... Well perhaps a little less retarded . I am attempting to knit myself gloves this winter
ID	3	@lostgirl66 yeah, it's a bit 80s silly at points but i love it
ID	2	@lameBIRDIE aw its okay tht happened wid me too..am so glad thts OVER now!am not helpin here am i?!?lol thnx for postin WMIAD  loved it
ID	3	@Sally_E u work hard Sally  Not sure i can muscle up the courage to go on my own, it will be hard without you laughing at my unco-ness
ID	3	playing sudoku while mommy makes me breakfast &amp; lunch
ID	3	@chromasia I saw your tweet minutes before going to lunch.  Decided to skip that today. Thanks for saving me the money  Speedy recovery!
ID	3	@fallenstar_ I got 71! That's more than I'm following... I feel special now
ID	3	I need a break... PFFF... Work Sucksss Will be in Myrtle Beach SC in 45 days...  things like that make me soooo happy woeiwoeiwoei
ID	3	@jeanettewang Nice! That would be a feat for me...The husband's out clocking some miles for Sundown too!
ID	3	@jjkraal Thanks! Fotoreportage coming soon
ID	4	The Aspitar Hospital in Doha is amazing. Great service, nice building and free WiFi. Win
ID	3	@Blondie_HK very funny
ID	3	@fallenstar_ Oh ok then, I've been there before for a wedding. It was heaps nice there. I'm a big fan of Qld
ID	2	@hot30 how do you win the trip to america? please reply xo
ID	3	Thanks everyone for twittering with me. Still a newbie.. so if you have friends who you would like to invite here, please help a girl out
ID	3	i dont think i have ever laughed so hard
ID	3	Threee WORDS . . . YOUTUBE BAMBOOZLE SHOW
ID	3	@mariamabdillahi welcome back chica! hope you had a nice break
ID	2	Woke up at 10am, my alarm didnt wake me up so @samm_xo did by sending me the best text!
ID	2	wonders what some dancers have against glitter? Just don't wear it. Don't create a whiny group about it. Ok, I'm done.
ID	3	@DrRus @BruceBrownNC Good morning, gents!  How are ya today?
ID	3	hope this day will be nice as the sun that are upon us
ID	3	Good Morning everyone!  Have a great Monday!  Thanks for following!
ID	2	@sucka99 yep 14 days whoop
ID	2	@dannykurily awww hope you get better
ID	2	And gadget show today  Can today be any better?
ID	3	Just booked my tickets for London on thursday, i'm so exicted
ID	2	@1sweetwhirl  It's a pleasure , Will be wary of girlie marshmallows from now on lol  You might have saved my life .lol ;-)
ID	3	@Zokathepuppy heyyy! how are you todayy?!
ID	3	@Rupert_Grint About the dog thingy, an adorable golden retriever would be awesome !  Or a husky, too. x
ID	2	@patently and yes, I have seen your comment and yes, I did have the right answer.  I'll get over it.
ID	4	@pd1001 Aw poor you..ironing! Eek! lol It's raining here too.....prob try and get out with the kids later..nt too exciting im afraid!
ID	3	just helping myself to some caramel digestives
ID	3	@Japan_Blogs Congratulations lovely Japanese Children Happy Kodomo no hi
ID	2	@JamieLynnMB i had my son when i was 16.he's now 10..and twins at 19,age doesnt matter! there are worse parents out there that are older!
ID	3	you'll be good eloise
ID	3	I'm so drunk haha. Cant wait for round 2 tomorrow night  Gnight ppl
ID	2	No more tickets for today.  Having dinner with Mimcy after work, then we head home. Then again, she might get a call
ID	3	anybody have any new song ideas?
ID	3	pacquiao fight was fun at home wif fam and melissa sat.    today was a mission to ikea. srsly 4 different freeways to ge to burbank.
ID	3	has sent Ben off to do the weekly shop  woo! xxxxx
ID	3	@jeffsonstein Me too, because Monday is end of weekend. But, we cannot escape it, so I wish you have a good week
ID	3	@clarexsaula I am excited. Ashley and Matt should be here within the next half hour and that's when it all really starts for me.
ID	3	@pradeepto he he! I will send it thru anurag
ID	4	@suzi_meow YEAH U Better BE !!
ID	3	Having fun  With my friend !
ID	3	@kevmarmol Agree!
ID	3	@ddlovato how was bamboozle? i wish i could've gone. &amp;&amp; have you worked with laurie ann gibson? she told me you guys worked together
ID	3	Right I now need breakfast. Let's see if I can make it while Tweeting ;-) What am I thinking, I'm a bloke, multitasking is out lol
ID	3	@scullyrific Hell Yeah!
ID	4	@threefromleith Poor you. I'm off on Bank Holiday Monday today too
ID	3	@que_day26 YES YES YES! http://snurl.com/hbn90 i used YOUR song in mine
ID	3	@WhitneyEVE i love the new hairdo! haha, and i live in NY too, so yeah it was REALLY hott!
ID	3	@marcooth GREAT!! i obviously should check twitter more often to know all the important stuff thats going on
ID	3	Handed in. Can relax a bit now.
ID	2	@SWIFTas omg evie. we have to do our plan for hot 30 tomorrow night
ID	2	@ElonNarai Ugh, looks like you'll have some work to do . Good luck
ID	3	Oh snap... kinda nuts right now... @basedmagazine:  I've told at least 27  Thanks babes.
ID	3	made my pin hole camera todaaaaay. need to get some film now!  http://tinyurl.com/cw8wp2
ID	3	is finally starting her assignments
ID	3	i really wanna be miley cyrus's friendie  hahaha
ID	3	@krissy_tina @_adriii guys  i am literally going to sydney in the june/july hols. can we meet? i wanna try one of those lindt cafes!
ID	3	spending some quality time with my fender tele deluxe...true love
ID	3	@StaciJShelton Well tell me what fashion tips you need and I'm your woman  hehehe
ID	3	I love the video for Da Funk by Daft Punk
ID	2	hopefully today will work in our favor
ID	3	@igortizz hahahahaha u look really good in ur picture
ID	3	#musicmonday Epic song. (Y)  ? &quot;Lights and Sounds&quot; by Yellowcard ~ http://tinyurl.com/db7ppm
ID	4	Boo to the rain. Just got all pruney in the bath  oo its may day..the crazy morris dancers will be having it large in ampthill lol.
ID	3	&quot;Can't a Stevie wonder?&quot; gabe just called me sleepypants gaby.
ID	3	Jimmy Eat World's initials are JEW....new favorite band
ID	3	@Milomilkshake you can put a saucepan full of water on the cooker to heat up the water...indian style  scrabbled are the best!!!!
ID	2	hmm... now what to do today... i suppose i could revise for my science test :/ or i could just eat cookies and watch films
ID	3	My Monday has been going extremely well. Not what I expected at all!
ID	3	????? ?? ??? ????????, ????? ?? ??? ???????, ??? ??? ?? ?????? ??? ??, ???? ??? ?? ???????... The magic of Rafi singing for Shammi Kapoor
ID	3	@DD_Lovato Never been better thanks  what are you up to?
ID	3	@emmao414 Thanks Emma! Plus: Squeeee! You're my first comment!!!
ID	3	@vuzzello Yeah, they're great. I think we'll hear more of them in the years to come
ID	3	what a beautiful morning ; it's time to get up and enjoy the sun
ID	3	@ShropshirePixie I've got some of those I used to use on my OES.  Good for the wrist muscles though
ID	3	Wearing my new Victoria's Secret slippers
ID	3	@alancostello well...as long as you have trees  yeh definately need to go find one, maybe after the crutches tho! :p
ID	3	chillin an havin a drink
ID	2	Tanya is jealous because I'm Mike's new favorite  It's because he tried to kiss me over the weekend....pictures to follow at 95sx.com
ID	3	May the 4th be with you
ID	2	so the Today show still hasn't gotten in touch with me, i wish they would so i can take my friends and myself to the NKOTB show
ID	3	(@JMBuckett) Oh snap... kinda nuts right now... @basedmagazine:  I've told at least 27  Thanks babes.
ID	3	@redvers I've been quite lucky this weekend... Slight headache here n there, but nothing incapacitating  yay me! Poor Carol tho...
ID	3	might start Spanish...any min now....nope just can't do it! xx
ID	3	Swanage tomorrow and going to stay in Bourton on the Water Thurs/Fri!  Hoping for sun  Arcades and tea and pretty things, here we come
ID	2	@buglegirl Thanks! I'm not quite ready for a marathon yet -- if at all, not this year anyway.
ID	3	@shadowdealer I did  For Thursday
ID	3	@Jay_RachineA oh so you said you good-byes and hugs  my dad left around 4 in the morning so I woke up to an empty house i'm pretty scared.
ID	3	Watching Ladyhawke on channel 4 &amp; most likely to stay in bed all day
ID	0	@LushLtd Well aren't you just the kindest people in the world  Unfortunately, I have no such enquiries!
ID	1	@LushLtd Well aren't you just the kindest people in the world  Unfortunately, I have no such enquiries!
ID	3	@smokeyroxsox Thanks heaps for the lovely compliment  hopefully uou're not doing anything too important during laughing, like surgery...
ID	3	I'm currently enjoying NOT being at work this bank holiday  Frasier and Jeremy Kyle so far. Enjoy the extra day off Tweeters!
ID	3	who watched X-men origins: wolverine? i totally loved it! haha
ID	2	@David_Henrie oh my god, yeah! that cake looks delish! i hope you shared it! haha.
ID	3	Just got the may issue of Total Girl!!! Love it  especially with all the things and info about different countries. And EMMA WATSON!!!
ID	3	@_xotashhh lmao I KNEW that answer would come from you ^^ oh and that's update numero 200. thanks for that
ID	3	@avrilchan that is of course, u don't mind some old ppl as well
ID	3	Typical overcast bank holiday Monday, glad we went to the beach on Saturday
ID	3	@stripedshirt errr ok, most people have their espressos in the morning, ice latte at noon and warm latte in the evening!
ID	3	@cbedon thanks alot. Hope you can help spread the word and get people involved. We are already making a real difference
ID	2	@Vixster25 Internet 1 drawing 0 ....damn I'm backing up blackberry files which could take hours  then to the drawing preps done
ID	3	It's Happy Star Wars Day, LOL.  May the force be strong with you all.
ID	3	@iamkryssa twitter does not suck missy love you
ID	3	@julierockaholic well she likes it so i call it a SUCCESS
ID	0	@MissJoJoSmith I was thinking there should be a thumbs down button for Cry me a river.
ID	1	@MissJoJoSmith I was thinking there should be a thumbs down button for Cry me a river.
ID	3	Just been playing some pacman on the box......a few achvs,taking my GS to exactly 47000........nice
ID	3	@col4man Thanks
ID	3	I gots a Pandora bracelet for my birthdaaaay
ID	3	Fight Club 10th anniversary re-enacting. Nice tattoos  http://img.suicidegirls.com/media/albums/6/57/13576/658166.jpg
ID	3	@ciaoamalfi Its great when locals stop you to ask for directions, and even better when you know the answer
ID	3	@toddlucier Thanks! I love it they have a video, so you don't need to download if they don't offer everything you want  Will try!
ID	3	@pd1001 Oh lovely - that is one thing Mum's are great at!! Sounds yummy!  You are makin me hungry here! lol :-p
ID	2	@shakeyz09 so I take it, it wasn't the best weekend?
ID	2	@bsweens haha they might! good luck if you're taking it as well  i'm hoping I get a 1 for putting my name down
ID	3	is going to be in Texas in 15 days!!! eeekkkk!!!
ID	2	@wajeeha i hope you knew its due tuesday
ID	3	DH is just about finished making his giant Trio candy bar. Thank the heavens. His work mates are in for a treat tomorrow!
ID	3	ha, the first request for sending a paper copy of my thesis
ID	3	@emma_BMTH i also want to attend the tafe gig  I asked mum about soundwave and she was like, hmmm possibly. which probably means yes.
ID	4	&quot;My problem isn't that I miss you... 'cause I don't&quot;
ID	3	@jemshad cool.. look forward for frequent tweets
ID	2	@coollike FAIL
ID	3	@themaineman ooo enjoy  and thanks for looking out for ours
ID	3	will be heading to baguio in a few hours.
ID	3	@Loebette Hooray! Your avatar is back! Wil go and put it in the Gardeners zone now
ID	3	Think Big! &quot;The size of your thinking determines the size of your results&quot; Bob Proctor's great advice      http://www.wealthwithsoul.com
ID	3	Rose Romance is released here on Thursday, gonna get me some BPs
ID	3	@Pebbles945 http://twitpic.com/4jcf1 - Looks great!  Love the way they did the bottom.
ID	2	@inks Does it hurt? How much you lost?
ID	2	Oh, had like the most amazing weekend, sunshine &amp; part, white wine!! Now its back to the rehearsals regime!! NICE !!!
ID	3	midday and a half, time for lunch
ID	3	Awake and almost recovered from my Brother's Wedding at the Weekend
ID	3	wondering why random people are following me! ive only been to houston  im in Sydney now babes...
ID	3	Does anyone out there want to be REALLY awesome and buy me one of these for my birthday? http://poprl.com/1vN0
ID	3	pretty fun way to write a resignation  http://www.farbs.org/Message.html
ID	2	@Vixster25 I cant it... gets pissy if I unplug it when its not finished hahaha
ID	3	and so another week begins. this one has got to be better than the last
ID	3	@atbandre nice wedding ring, shiny!
ID	2	I Miss Daddy and Mommy
ID	3	hi everybody! i'm having my lunch break at work and enjoying a nice cup of coffee!
ID	3	@ohmyjooo miss ko na nga kayo  hope we can have the shoot soon. Joover!
ID	2	@Dee_Staack Pfft ... i dont have the guts .. YOU TELL HIM  and say its a fundraiser like .. PFFT
ID	3	@BlokesLib sweet dreams to you too babe  MWAH
ID	3	@MissxMarisa haha, yeah I think it's a bit of both
ID	4	It's 6.30pm - sun is setting soon, and i should be setting off soon too! Grab some dinner and catch sitcoms!
ID	3	@yohanik Hehe. Just found the Wikipedia page for the movie. And Last.fm confirms it. Thank you.  http://is.gd/iPrR
ID	3	@KristinaHorner Wow, you're car's awesome! Have fun with Alex.
ID	4	listening to AM- teddy picker  She saw it and she grabbed it and it wasn't what it seemed
ID	2	but I am one in a million
ID	3	Great day training and having fun
ID	3	Finally X-Men Origins: Wolverine arrived, Time to play the game like a mad man, And then it's time for the review  /Patrick
ID	3	@johnkeithhart Thanks, glad you agree wth my follow or not policy
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day  Im going to make some pasta get showered and dressed and then watch some films. I like days off. I have 3 days off
ID	3	@TerrenceTaps Yeeeeah...I am so much better off, I think!
ID	3	@PrimeMinister3 Thanks! Am trying.. (keeping my chin up, ouch!)
ID	3	@wolfie_Rankin yep to you buddy  long time no talk, hows things and i see your cat still like sinking fangs into your ankle lol
ID	2	@tommcfly Hey Tom. Have your plans to make an concert in Denmark this year?  please reply xxx
ID	3	Great album..lucky to have this on vinyl.  ? http://blip.fm/~5jhtv
ID	2	msn-ing. no school  shouldn't there be more bank holidays? x
ID	2	@fylaviedanat flo can spell antidisestablishmentarianism off the top of her head. wait i just did
ID	3	Oh oh! Going shopping with my best friend today! Yaay! Going to be so much fun  Need to get alot of new clothes..
ID	2	@NickieNix why are you eating at 4 am, after party munchies??? guess that means no more denny's
ID	3	@fearnecotton http://twitpic.com/4jbn6 - yummm.....Very Nicee
ID	3	@stillsafe Lol read me like a book
ID	2	@GeekWearsPrada Wasn't all bad #celtics won! But yeah, hope the #redsox do better. Good morning BTW.
ID	3	@henny_  it's on again right now!! aah I love demi lovato
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jcwm - YES, my #ubook Lenovo T400 finally arrived!
ID	2	@DejaMeade For the record, Madina Lake played your song third.  At least your enjoyed The Audition though?
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jcxr - @georgiababesss i meann look at what i just found lol
ID	2	#MQM has opted to strike, May 12th - Altaf bhai to unveil what really happened in #Karachi  http://tinyurl.com/c73ehq
ID	4	apparently it's starwars day today  I like this . Shame I have revision though.
ID	3	@andyramdin Good to see you hear as well, Andy!
ID	3	Bank Holiday Brunch.  With all the fixin's.  Absolutely fantastic
ID	3	@vjestep I'm mo nudge you again, better watch out!
ID	2	Nugget bit Jack. I told him not to poke the poor hamster!
ID	3	@Peulo I already did..
ID	3	@AceConcierge Glad you got there safe &amp; saw your daughter.  Enjoy your time there!
ID	3	Our jazz band freakin' KICKED ARSE!! Good job, team!
ID	3	I think Tania is too cute, too nice  I love her! &lt;3
ID	3	Exploring Twitter's world! me 2
ID	2	rcb trashes mumbai indians....  i feel bad for mumbai indians, they just didn't know what hit him...
ID	3	@shaundiviney green day are the bomb  xx
ID	3	I fell for Austin Taura Hanafiah even morreee! Shoott!!!  A guy shouldn't look that yumm! Hahaha...
ID	3	May the 4th be with you! Hahahaha that'll neverrr get old
ID	2	Back from a wonderful vacation. Had perfect weather and now back to the rainy 'burgh and reality.
ID	3	@shootthestars merci, mon ami
ID	2	@karuski try again, minna  i edited quickly, sorry!
ID	3	@lizscherer cheer up buttercup! Rain will go away and hearts always mend. I can actually bet $ on that!
ID	3	@gothtart congratulations, you two are so well suited   have a lovely day x
ID	3	carolina won, yeah
ID	3	Happy star wars day everyone
ID	3	@kkmommy9802  I'm trying to get myself moving this morning!
ID	2	another lazy day i supposee
ID	4	Bank holiday in the UK, it's raining! Typical UK Bank Holiday weather! If it dries later I'll get the chainsaw out for the trees!
ID	3	@jaisey ALOHA Jaisey! Im so excited. Supernatural is back on our TV  TONIGHT!!! its a Jensen FEST tonite!
ID	2	@johnnyrcooper go to bed mister! u need your beauty sleep
ID	3	Im really excited! cant wait
ID	3	is going to relax and chill out tonight ... back to work tomorrow after a week off ... least I had a fun time with the girlfriend ...
ID	3	@Daniella001 thanks for agreeing with me
ID	3	ooo how i love a bank holiday  x
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day!
ID	3	@melissahelene I'M A CELEBRITY TOOOOO!
ID	3	@tamejhna I managed to find few places where you can combine fun, pleasure and savings but it took some planning though
ID	3	@williambeekhuis hahahaha where is that train? I want on! That should be a wild ride
ID	3	@kiwikatnz Yay to being smokefree! Well done.
ID	3	i finished all my work!
ID	2	@crazyspeak so give me a quick update grace, you've quit the foodland job and you start at JB's tomorrow full time? heaps exciting
ID	3	@iiacovou  hiya!  did you get a picture of your converse?? GET YOUR CONVERSE OUT!
ID	3	short work week for me
ID	3	@tommcfly thanx Tom  love u too !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! have a great day
ID	3	Order Pizza from the Pizza Girl!  We have to sing about it!  I love that new song. so excited for the new song from JB PARANOID 4 days
ID	2	Fixing openbox theme a little
ID	3	bought my pink ipod nano 2 days ago  will be delivered this week. YAY!  &amp; hopefully getting ears pierced again in a few weeks XD
ID	2	@Lindseyyx3 I think the x3 is confusing ;-) can't believe that many peeps will know that it should be a heart
ID	3	OMG i meant @RealHughJackman &lt;3 you're the perfect Wolverine,sir  hehe
ID	3	@mitchelmusso hey... Your on MY mind.
ID	2	I really need a job.
ID	3	@AimeeNewell Oh God bless you
ID	3	@TheLonely Aww how sweet
ID	3	waitin 4 the skool bus soo tired nd still soo much 2 do...want 2 b lazy nd sleep but since I cnt ill sing all my fav songs
ID	3	home from school today
ID	3	thanks for the feedback everyone
ID	2	thinking my fridge may be dieing...please not this week...pleeeeeassseee!!!
ID	3	@caitlingray  lol hopefully it'll happen like next timee near the new album
ID	4	@Amesox heyy dude, yuup thats it really hows your monday?  x
ID	3	Rode a jeep home with my mentor. Heard his story being in UP FineArts. Pretty cool.
ID	2	Am heading into lovely Suffolk to a nice pub.  May tweet later, but hopefully I'll be too distrcated
ID	3	I skip school way too often  I'm rather proud actually.
ID	3	Back from the Gym, and sorting through my Inboxes
ID	2	@ronskie66 not got virgin yet... not sure I can, tbh ... thanks anyway!
ID	3	He he ...Happy #star wars day! May the 4th be with you  Brilliant!!
ID	2	@cottonpanty Miss you my dear
ID	4	I'm dragging myself out of the low point. Slowly. And with wine to assist. Prob not v sensible but these lows don't hit very often.
ID	3	Having a wonderful piece of cake for lunch - what else could I want???
ID	4	is excited to be visited by her twin and best friend! dinner, star gazing, and a movie!   // cool http://gykd.net
ID	3	Well I am up and have been productive since 5:30am!!! Woohoo busy day with lots to do!
ID	3	@Souljaboytellem Goodnight lolsz
ID	0	@Chappers67 TV is shite,thank god for youtube
ID	1	@Chappers67 TV is shite,thank god for youtube
ID	0	i hate the bus...any donations toward my car fund?
ID	1	i hate the bus...any donations toward my car fund?
ID	3	@LCLaurenConrad Can't wait to see it tonite!! should be hilarious
ID	0	@GeekWearsPrada Have you been going to the Trop for the last 5 years?  No more games for you!
ID	1	@GeekWearsPrada Have you been going to the Trop for the last 5 years?  No more games for you!
ID	3	@challyzatb I like it too  I hadn't seen the clip before, though; pretty cool!
ID	3	@OHMYDAYSitsHayz lol! I thought it was pretty funny too!
ID	3	@shadowowns aww, &lt;3 why thank youu.
ID	3	what's good about working a double?...Jasmin
ID	3	@TheRealGinuwine ... thx for ur msg, so awesome!  luv the new single! xoxo
ID	3	think I'm gonna start writing a proper blog, can anyone recommend any good blog host thingys?
ID	3	@matildaxo ooohhh. I understand. I never get sick of her so im on your moms side  I guess your dad just likes what he likes....lol
ID	0	@MissMary i am so jealous!!
ID	1	@MissMary i am so jealous!!
ID	3	@ElePhatt  LOL thanks you,  nice meeting you aswell, looking forward to our tweetversation
ID	3	Good morning world!  haha had fun at the movies last night ;D and school now... Hmm new shoes make it better  http://tinyurl.com/dfggwj
ID	4	In a philosophical mood tonight, wandering round after dark does that for me
ID	3	@DReinhardt1 ooooh it's you lol I didn't know!! Have fun with your princess
ID	3	@rosewindale Itsurely will dear . in posted a presentation on Swine flu yest and it got 500 downloads in just a day!!i feels great
ID	2	@boburnham I'm sorry you're feeling bad, hope you get better soon... you know, if the plague doesn't getcha.
ID	3	LMAO! listening to the great Bob Marley!  Wow hes so awesome
ID	3	@traceyctt I live for pain, bring it on
ID	2	@Xenooo ohhh. i didn't log on there, pity me. was it great?
ID	3	My mom likes Milow's version of Ayo Technology... It's a good thing she doesn't have a clue what it's about.
ID	3	@red_hawt Hmm..  Interesting choice.
ID	4	@fiendfyre Never ever smoking around you again.
ID	3	@missgiggly Go the bubble bath!!!  Always relaxing.......
ID	3	@DanaBingham I know exactly what you mean. My treats are more 'awhile' than 'once in'
ID	3	@osocash  Hi, Thx for following  I teach some Chinese lessons on youtube, pls feel free to have a look www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn
ID	3	@rodney91 http://twitpic.com/4i3g6 - i love that game  xxxx
ID	3	Thanks @Mosskat you little star! Have been offered to come to JA for a weekender but dunno if I can afford to go. Looking into it now...
ID	3	@irontec Thanks for the support
ID	3	@ShashiTharoor i hope such moments inspire you on your political journey back home. all the best
ID	3	@judoracio Bom dia! FRIOOOO... que delcia!!!! Good luck in your first day, Ju!
ID	4	@rossmcw Happy birthday. Let us know what you get up to old boy
ID	2	Is feeling surprisingly fresh after a 12hr bender
ID	3	@TipsByNate  Hi, Thx for following  I teach some Chinese lessons on youtube, pls feel free to have a look www.youtube.com/ChineseLearn
ID	3	Wow, it's so early. Just had the best conversation.
ID	3	Lipsynching to David C's Heroes and really feelin it. It's my fave track off DCTR. After all, D is my hero..
ID	3	@supprintdesign oh i like that let me c
ID	3	@melfay86 thanks sooo much lil sis! you should have gone with us to the bird park.
ID	3	Lovely walk this morning with the missus; drizzle didn't matter
ID	2	Head in the clouds
ID	3	@jeffpulver Done some book signings in Manchester. Nice people up there. Enjoy the week.
ID	3	@Clarrisani Thank you for approving my application at the TWA Forum, honey. Keep up the good work
ID	3	No school today - Not because of &quot;H1N1&quot;, but because a natural gas line broke on the interstate. RIDICULOUSNESS.
ID	3	@Mommyof2girls02 I miss you too.  We'll have to get together once everything settles down in a few weeks.  Congrats on the house!
ID	3	@euripidean bank holiday is going well, had a great band practice so still on a buzz
ID	2	thinking of getting new dvds, csi.  can't wait to get my laptop.
ID	3	Bamboozle was amazing. I met TAKING BACK SUNDAY
ID	3	unhooking my pt's, then home to SLEEP! SLEEP IS GOOD
ID	3	like spirits in the night ooooh night, qu grande ere mr. springsteen
ID	3	@leeshay Just this random quote! I love stuff like that...
ID	2	Gonna go to my aunts party. It's gonna be a late night thing so hopfully I can get up for school tomorrow!
ID	3	@PaulHarriott Hahaha!! Tv isn't really my thing anyway..I more of a music girl
ID	2	@nottheword yum, yum.  I love quesadillas....and wallpaper for that matter tooo
ID	3	@nezua that blip is NOT to be misconstrued as qs on last night's convo... it's just a song i really love &amp; that rocks my morning
ID	3	@stephenfry I've made a game for you, Stephen- http://tinyurl.com/ctw4ld - well, actually it's for us, not you
ID	3	got an awesome hair cut todayyyy  it looks so hottt haha doing homework
ID	3	@poeticblasphemy I see you finally got to set up your Avatar. Too Cool
ID	3	@TheMakeupMuse I'm definitely make-up challenged. So, curling lashes and 'tined' moisturiser? Does this tip come with a glossary?
ID	3	@zampeachie PANGE???!!!!! AHAHAHAHAHA. You two could meet up for drinks.
ID	3	@dda oh look! traditional Chinese, it's so charming   I love the ? miss those shutters on the doors...
ID	4	@alyankovic Oh! I ate pizza last night too!  I stupidly feel closer to you somehow!
ID	3	@donnyeffrien good to know PLN's Earthday doesn't only happen in my neck of the woods
ID	3	@jessizakool lol our whole convo just consists of i miss you and i love you. gotta love us
ID	3	@Rawrrgasmic I must agree I do like blackberries!
ID	3	@thebraysmommy thx! Hoping it's a good week.
ID	3	@crazy_people sure is
ID	3	excited to jam + and auditions
ID	3	Just sat down to play a quick hand of poker and won $5k on my first hand with a flush. I'm done for today
ID	4	i'm watching missing pieces, just coz the theme song is lost without you
ID	3	@YousifMind good morning  3asa mo bs important classes ? :p
ID	3	get my wii fit in couple of hours!
ID	3	woo just made this, follow me
ID	2	@RiceRabbit Baking WIN! Thanks for that!
ID	3	talking to jessica about her one true love. she thinks this could be the real deal.  lol also i am thinking what i should do about my prob
ID	3	@CyberSleeper Awww man that does suck big time  But look at it this way, it gives you something to look forward too, a nice long ride
ID	3	@JohnLauber @RealtyMan no one told me the mutual admiration society was meeting this morning! LOL  Hi boys!
ID	3	Flickr pics Chester Zoo: danwtmoon posted a photo:   &quot;WELCOME&quot; to Chester Zoo by Jockey  http://tinyurl.com/cq7qw8
ID	3	@cheryl_ann_cole @beccixboo i thinks thats right lol... please follow me... much appreciated
ID	3	@TheLonely How lovely
ID	2	just finished Wander Girl for the nth time-- Hilda Gallares is truly a kindred soul.
ID	3	In the arts having coffee and cake
ID	2	@mccy you do realize tom fletcher from mcfly JUST posted basically the same thing!! TWINS!
ID	3	Digging the ideas behind railsbridge (http://railsbridge.org/)
ID	3	WOOOOO!! Twitterberry is working again!! Good morning everyone
ID	3	off to get ready for school. have an absolute wonderful day!
ID	3	Birthday Girl ?  blessed to live another year &amp; celebrate with loved ones
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day
ID	3	Kicking Back In The Holidays  No More School for a whiles
ID	3	My new design portfolio is finally online: http://www.designia.nl - Still needs some tweaking on the details but it's ok for now,
ID	3	heyya people!
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day!!! May The 4th Be With You!
ID	3	@jesseroni thanx
ID	0	@iaingilmour I queue for cake standing up and with a slight look of deranged anticipation on my face.
ID	1	@iaingilmour I queue for cake standing up and with a slight look of deranged anticipation on my face.
ID	2	Thank you all so much! Hopefully everything will be okay  Tons of kisses to all of you ) http://tinyurl.com/dxa8xg
ID	3	@Darke_Ascension Hope it's a great one for ya  http://myloc.me/tvD
ID	3	#Trackflashback: &quot;I Believe In A Thing Called Love&quot; by The Darkness - check it out...
ID	3	@happy_pills we have a punching bag here! but ive never touched it, covered with my brother's sweat.. but u can use it if u want! hehe
ID	4	@bhuto given the way kunal khemu etc. starrers turn out..there is a high probability of it being 'shit' rather than 'niche'!
ID	2	@FRUITofDOOM Not sure if this is good or bad news for you, but you are listed as staff: http://www.thesixthaxis.com/staff/
ID	3	Good morning!  Just took the longest shower ive ever taken in my life. Like 45 to 50 min shower!! Woah. lol
ID	2	@MacQuid You're a fine looking set of neighbours, I must say! Lots of compliments have been showered upon your header graphic too
ID	3	your saaaaafe with mee(8) fucking epic times again last night  old friends and new friendships, good way to kick off this month!
ID	3	yeaaaah tangerang in vacation
ID	3	@RosieCooper We said anyone could &quot;write one&quot;...those special 10 selected are - of course - chosen because they are OUTSTANDING!
ID	3	Love the idea of giving each year a theme. This is the year of new beginnings!
ID	3	Is on her way home bk to civilisation. Got my ipod bak  carnt wait for home x
ID	3	I lOve this day  No school --&gt; studyin' quietly
ID	3	@babygirlparis I hope you have fun together and the press don't spoil things.  Take care
ID	4	@XKirstyxo Basket Case is mine  I miss it.. Going to have to listen a shit load now
ID	3	@Jayce_Kay planted in the garden last week, ive got to check on it
ID	2	One of my kits has just brought in a mouse &amp; is eating it in the lobby. I'm sure I feed them enough!
ID	3	@Ddubs_Ky_Monkey Hope u have an amazing day today Monkey! U deserve it!  No cheating on DEW &amp; looking at THE PICTURE! lol Happy Bday! &lt;3
ID	2	hey twitter! i'm back online!
ID	3	@RichieSosa I want some....LOL  I got the coffee ha ha
ID	3	Away to the cinema tweet later may the 4th be with you all  x
ID	3	This song is a slap on you face!!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jib6
ID	3	@joonian Press 'Ctrl' on bottom right. The underscore for E71 is there.  KY
ID	3	is working.   I am so happy my job is a radio and not anything physically exhausting....
ID	3	finally Mike0hh's birthday &lt;3 can't wait to fucking ruin it
ID	3	@calbo i incredily love reading your tweets! they're so entertaining, keep it up.
ID	3	coach says have come along way, faster that alot of people  oh yeah whos the man. ohh very sore
ID	3	@Gulmohar Welcome!
ID	3	@IndigoGardens Lol! Joyologist? Love it - much better than the happy freak who can't stop smiling  Enjoy Monday!
ID	2	*shriek* Bee almost flew here from window. I'm not afraid of spiders or zombies in my dreams..But I run when bee is in same room with me.
ID	2	F.Y.I. a lot of you people that are following me i have unfollowed a lot of you  yer kinda boring me or not really helpful to my e-growth!
ID	3	starting off my day with a little Northern Light
ID	3	I have not tweeted for SIXTEEN DAYS! I miss it =( I've been having fun though! =D Ingrid on mon was frakking awesome  BBQ today!
ID	3	Off to bed I go to dream of a world where Wal-Mart and Liquor stores all get blown up
ID	2	@michaelmknight oh i wish my dear Michael, i wish
ID	3	How I met your mother and Scrubs in role! YEAH! &quot;Cause I'm FLY!
ID	2	has one more paper left
ID	3	@urbalcloud hahaha! i have a secret door to the real batcave
ID	3	@Mollieandme Hello, you are sooo awesome!! Dont ever stop what your doing haha, You make me fall off my chair laughing  x
ID	2	@aplusk oh good luck on the movie
ID	3	@mmWine Lucky you  I face south so I can hear them, and see them reflected off Phillips Point
ID	3	Today is a tuff day...g'morning
ID	3	unpacking my new toy arrived in the studio right now  it's called TC Finalizer. can't wait to check how it sounds !!!
ID	3	Good night all  Even though it's morning for most of you lol
ID	2	@GintareAuglyte hey  how are you?  x
ID	2	@iHolleeee Okaii Cool!  I Can't Wait For The Series To Begin It's Guna Be Awesome  x
ID	3	@carmenparnos thanks so much for the belated #followfriday shout out #payingitforward
ID	2	@x3f  dude they renamed it to something no one will remember &amp; find even harder 2 joke about. Its a myth  to keep u scared
ID	2	@lyssiecc i like the positivity  And no. you may NOT change your carrer. crazyb dog lady just isn't the same.... when's your maths test? x
ID	4	lol if i only can sTay up a few more hours.. i keep missing Tila's lasT posTs ..
ID	3	@RachaelPhillips wow!! you really are a pretty talented lady, most impressed
ID	3	@joannaboothby freeeeeeeeeeeeeeeezING nigga im so excited to see you soooooooon!!!  lets go see 17 again AGAIN yehhaaaaaaa!
ID	2	@tubbyloo same with drunk guests.. Our jobs are pretty similar sometimes
ID	2	@jonconnelly will add that. It should be hard really to keep track of 500 avatars.
ID	3	i love his nose kisses
ID	3	Man on Wire every bit as amazing as the publicity and reviews suggest. Very, very strongly recommended (even for vertigo sufferers  )
ID	3	? @TheRealGinuwine ... thx for ur msg, so awesome!  luv the new single! xoxo http://tr.im/kpDW
ID	3	Going home, see you at night in local time
ID	3	lol @ kalahari.net marketing - &quot;may the 4th be with you&quot;
ID	3	@ borgellaj  you know what? They're YOUR CATS
ID	3	i have a feeling today is going to be amazing
ID	2	@andycroll can you repeat what was bad about singapore pools website please?
ID	2	@cnn Any others jobs like this available? Sounds like a great experience. Direct message if you know of any others.
ID	3	@MandyyJirouxx red eye huh?   yikes....get back safe   missin ya punk
ID	3	@varunshridhar Lets leave the nervousness until tomorrow!
ID	3	@Peircy oh you are too kind
ID	3	Gonna head into the shower now...  Going to a friend's birthday party =]
ID	3	@GregorBenjamin yeah, nothing like the heat of home.
ID	3	@JamaicaPanama I'm here if ur here for me!
ID	2	$900 cheque to cash tomorrow, why I didn't get it in the bank I have no idea. Feel safe to get the 500D now though  woooo
ID	3	@Joerup I think it'll be more like a casual attendance instead of a review, as there might not be another issue of felix by then.  Thanks.
ID	3	@Rliversidge Great stuff, can't wait to hear it!
ID	3	@Andph112 hope you enjoyed your holiday
ID	3	@graemeskelly LOL biking is manly
ID	3	yay my research paper is finally 4 and a half pages&lt;3 not going on bus was not bad after all
ID	0	@kg86 Thanks  The elephants look magnificent This is what we miss due to stupid restrictions - 3G pleease and cheap!!
ID	1	@kg86 Thanks  The elephants look magnificent This is what we miss due to stupid restrictions - 3G pleease and cheap!!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jcjj - Boagsie actually is still this small lol - him at 4 years old
ID	3	@m3nny5 iye neh...kurang tidur kayaknya. pulang pagian deh hari ini tidur langsung...haha. Thanks!
ID	3	@Rapetzel Haha! Thanks! It's the inane grin from grading. Some students have been really fascinating this semester
ID	4	@Howby26 hm, sorry to hear that! well, keep holding on! my break is over, i'll go take a nap now!
ID	3	Because I love my job
ID	3	@youcanknowgod thanks man. I really appreciate the kind words
ID	3	@imagined learn learn!... we can learn together!
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day everyone!  Whats everyone up to this rainy bank holiday?  I am heading out soon for coffee with my mum then shopping
ID	3	Good Morning, Twitter community! I just got finished eating a delicious stack of pancakes courtesy of my Mom and Bisquick.
ID	4	Hard to start the week after a long fun sunny weekend of tennis, free food and drink, and very nice people. 5 days to go until next round
ID	2	kicking back at home
ID	3	@jocelynseip Thank you - If you like please leave a comment and Subscribe!   Chicago another great musical.  Thanks for your support.
ID	3	Looking forward to Cambridge on the weekend and shopping with Ilze
ID	3	Is Going To Buy A Wacom Today ... Goood Times
ID	4	Right, I must be off to do some sewing. Bye x
ID	3	Score two days I get more food stamps good cause i want a safeway pizza
ID	3	@MicheleCatahay i'd prefer &quot;observationally insightful&quot;, but call it as you see it.  my ice cream's just too fancy tonight.
ID	2	Watched Australia last night and got to say bloody fantastic film with the added bonus of Hugh Jackman  definitely a got to see movie.
ID	0	@girltrumpet yeahh  idk if i like owen anymore though... i kinda lost respect for him in an episode i recorded...
ID	1	@girltrumpet yeahh  idk if i like owen anymore though... i kinda lost respect for him in an episode i recorded...
ID	3	@ovidiunegrean thanks, nice app  i will take a closer look.
ID	3	@cosmicmother some great stuff on website today
ID	2	is going for morrisons breakfast with my boy today  wooooooooooo.
ID	3	Good morning!!! Who wants breakfast??
ID	4	up late last night  .... Oracle from 8 to 4:30
ID	2	@theblowups just be careful you don't dunk too long
ID	3	@Mennard You are very sweet, my everyday hero friend
ID	4	@mshady courgette
ID	3	@cali3d congratulations, I hope you have an amazing day
ID	3	@retrogrrl Well thank you.
ID	3	ahah oh yes, i forgot, they need to earn money.. maybe we could get them jobs as checkout chicks if twitter takes over
ID	2	@minnaryyni Heh, aye. I should have investigated properly first before asking  Does seem like it's not the most obvious thing though.
ID	3	Morning everyone! Going to a gig now, then a run. Update you all later
ID	3	@AlanCarr hmm Have to admit was a good episode and his man bag was rather fetching
ID	2	@aworldinside ngl, my favourite thing about wikipedia sometimes is that it makes wookiepedia such an easy pisstake.
ID	2	@EllaPaigeBabe hey im back  i replyed xxx
ID	4	hey everyone, guess what? ROONEY ISN'T COMING TODAY!
ID	3	Going shopping  Then Sunday dinner, round two :p
ID	3	@dan_pentagram trip with school! get to go see a west end show and loads more stuff, its gonna be great
ID	3	add me on myspace?? www.myspace.com/pwnage_org  -&gt; pcFOpc
ID	3	@switchfoot loving your music , had a good recommendation from someone who knows his stuff
ID	2	If I could only update my status in just one place....
ID	3	Happy Birthday to my Whore
ID	4	@kixxa I'm somehow totally distracted by that shirt!  I don't even know why.Suddenly he's like the guy next door!
ID	3	first trip home since diwali. But before that a couple of days in saddi dilli
ID	3	schoool time. not doing much this week.  about 20 more days of school and it's time for NYC!  can't wait for the last day of school.
ID	2	@ColinMackay I think I left my conference feedback sheet in my bag. Oops. Just say Excellent for everything  Found out about it from you
ID	4	Is babysitting 3 dogs...they are all over the place...
ID	3	just got up  Wheres the sun? =O
ID	3	yay sing it loud wed, fall out boy, all time low and cobra starship on friday  WIN
ID	3	@sillyyak11 haha well have fun at school! I'm gonna be sittin' at home with my italian restaurant by my side
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jdkq - Got a new belt  it's a sheriff star
ID	4	@DaveWares working, my 4-day weekend is over, aah well another one coming in 2 weeks
ID	2	@aussie_ali  that wretched Blue nun has you in her clutches Miss Ali!!!!!  S L O    W  down
ID	3	@jeffmello I did sales training for a couple of the papers. They paid my bills for a bit.
ID	3	@DinaRoberts thanks
ID	3	Cooking microwave pizzas, yummy
ID	2	School can blow me. He looks nice today thoughh.
ID	3	Alhamdulillah PFP exam was alright~ It's Strategic Management time!
ID	3	@jeffparks That would be most welcome
ID	3	@OxygenOverdose awesome! have to take a look at them when i'm home.
ID	3	@FONEJACKER12009 haha I do not know how to work blip apart from the obvious! thanks for reblipping my song  have a nice day xxx
ID	3	@sweet19 awesome. lemme see when you're done.
ID	2	Goodmorning world
ID	3	gunna spend today with my sexy best friend
ID	3	is wishing, after watching those videos, that it will be FREEZING next weekend so she can bring Edea out again without dying
ID	4	sorry mum, will treat you well from now on
ID	3	@rylie023 i think you'd look cute in the beanie hat
ID	3	@gingerying if you decide to take a break on your paper..the link is a perf-choreo, cute&amp;cheesey but enjoyable   http://tinyurl.com/ddnqv5
ID	3	@cassiewho haha no problem, it's fun isn't it
ID	3	Mmmm holiday commercials really ARE nice
ID	3	I'm dying to see the reaction on their faces  .. its going to be FUN gedan begad
ID	2	Neglecting the boy, apparently... I'm outro, for real life
ID	3	I've just realised - 400 FOLLOWERS! YAY!  xx
ID	4	My Life Would Suck Without You - Kelly Clarkson
ID	3	@Prodigy702 haha FINALLY !!  hiii friend .
ID	3	@tintinex Morning  Glad to hear about your happy news!
ID	3	@OceanCity thank you.  we had a blast
ID	3	Also love and Light to everyone else who I have not been able to fit into my last tweet  Thank YOU All
ID	3	Goodmorning world!
ID	2	@girlgamy you can also watch Family Guy online. www.fancast.com  And yes I am a total shill.
ID	3	@xoxokimmie good morning
ID	3	I like Rio Ferdinand - when he's wearing an England jersey.
ID	2	@iantalbot You're still welcome - the door's wide enough for your zimmer frame
ID	3	@cmykara Something like that!
ID	3	supernatural tonight  yay
ID	3	aww, jon ryan bob and greta in one picture? how adorable  and it brightens my morning, ty jon walker
ID	3	Soon my new job starts  I'm so happy!
ID	3	[Wrong!] @anambanana thanx  your THE awesome! http://tinyurl.com/ddqpoa
ID	3	Thanks for the follow, Doug. I like that hat
ID	3	@LJCharleston  Thanks darling girl   xx
ID	3	School -.- I'm arrange for the design of the blog to a friend! I think it's looks good  http://xoxoeternity.blogg.no/
ID	3	@realoomph leuke droom. Dat werd dus stand-up comedy?
ID	3	I feel funny. Hmmp, better be an amazing fucking day. why not?  I LOVE HOW I KNOW SAMMY ROVIN GOT A TEXT ABOUT THIS TWEET &lt;3333
ID	3	@JennaFBN Yay I love it when you host Money For Breakfast Jenna Lee  4hrs of you the amazing and so pretty and sexy Jenna Lee yay.
ID	3	@tobinharris brilliant! Best tool of the year
ID	3	my mum thought that my brother laughing was the cat about the throw up... smooth
ID	4	Just a couple thoughts....was bored this morning
ID	3	HAPPY STAR WARS DAY EVERYONE  any excuse for a few drinkies eh?
ID	3	waitin for dr dee.... had lunch with my beautiful lady  before that i was on the gym ... ( yeah need to loose 10 more  )
ID	2	Good morning twitterland. Happy Monday
ID	3	GoodMorning. My Father's going balistic, and I'd say more but I'd rather not get beat, so Have a Good Day, and please text me
ID	3	Off to a wedding!
ID	3	Finally started Twittering.... got to keep up... So downgrade from full colour, pictures etc. to simple small sized text messages....
ID	3	@greggrunberg Just discovered your 'Band from TV'... you guys are really good! Love the music
ID	3	@j3nn1e ooh good!  im starting with the hardest one, gonna be at it all day. ive locked my door and im only leaving for food and toilet! x
ID	3	had a great weekend in Stuttgart at the befah-conference. Wonderful people, nice discussions and lots of fun. Together we're strong!
ID	3	@monicafrancesca congratulations! woootwoooo!  @ginoboi great game!  nakaka-hyper kayo!
ID	3	Oh also today we must remember that it is Hoppusday. So happy Hoppusday  Yes I said it yesterday but it changed okay?
ID	2	Still Doing Grench paper and still getting distracted
ID	3	Another HD - my lecturer was gob smacked by how good our presentation was
ID	3	@sweetemmaxxx i love the cheesey ones, and the cool orignal ones  , , , skips i have when my brother has them got to try them u c haha
ID	2	@cbear80 indeedy! weather crappy then, god now. pity its dark! :O hopefully it stays dry!
ID	3	weather starting to be better  So just SHINE **
ID	3	I love being able to run my tongue along my teeth
ID	3	@TrIsHa87 dan humphires is the most adorable human being ever   i &lt;3 &lt;3 &lt;3 him
ID	3	sitting on chloes little trike thingo its a girraffe  ill most probobly get yelled at with in the next minute or so! ohhh well
ID	3	is busy creating a new logo for my  site
ID	3	@AmyyVee aww that was a really great blog :] thanks for the mention  hi form the philippines :-h :]
ID	3	Another nice day again! Working in Goderich today so I can walk &amp; enjoy the weather
ID	3	got alot of runnin around to do today to get this job app completed so they can have it on file... so glad i got this job!!
ID	3	@misslazarou Bom apetite
ID	3	@tranced1 yes mate, on Friday
ID	3	ah! A clean house...finally, so nice
ID	3	Up and around a little earlier than I wanted to be (phone rang 5:30 AM).  Exercise is a good way to start the day, right?
ID	2	Goood Afternooon
ID	3	@MattCohenIII it could be worse  so u usually a nite owl?
ID	3	Good morning in Twitterville. Off to work I go...Chat @ all of u later
ID	3	@MicaR think so but my boss is in Switzerland all week. going when she returns  ira gonna be awesome
ID	2	Being involved in requirements and architecture is nice and all, but now I'm looking forward to writing some code!
ID	3	@XLesseyX good and you cup cake
ID	3	Brad Fastings is my favorite person to hang out with from 12 AM to 5 AM
ID	3	@YatPundit oooh OK. thought I was losing my MizMind
ID	2	@GeeEmm There will be NO vidoe evidence!  I can't wait, though. Now I just need 2 find a regular partner if I end up loving it!
ID	3	@Pearl57 welcome back. my monday turned out ok. hope yours does too  xox
ID	3	yeah! I'm going to Makati Cinema Square with my dad later. haha!
ID	3	@insic Anytime
ID	2	I'm going into a spiritual stagnentation, its exploding my ego!. I now realise, i'm not all that great. and I'm ok with that.
ID	3	My wish came true!  see u
ID	3	@utterhip That is the sweetest loveliest thing for you to say. You made me smile. Thank you for that.
ID	3	I absolutely love mike watts from sexy heroes
ID	3	FLOODED OUT OF MY HOUSE  !!! Staying with someone in town unless the water stops rising  i may use it as a homework excuse
ID	3	@paulina1 Good Morning and Have a Great Day at work
ID	3	@xoCAZZA good stuff!  I'm great thanks! x
ID	2	OMG!! im sooo lazyy... i can't believe im googling for a command/app to close the CD tray.. i tried telekinesis, didn't quite work though
ID	3	:visiting my friendster and facebook
ID	4	@pickleshy it's tongue in cheek of some mentalities.There is another one which takes the piss of arabs, but its too long
ID	3	CCs video for Long Gone premiers today on yahoo, dont miss it: http://new.music.yahoo.com/videos/premieres/ AWESOME video and version
ID	3	Brilliant weekend.  BRILLIANT I SAY!    In work now and actually working .
ID	3	Ahh saved from mowing the lawn by the rain  Now I have plenty of time to go kayaking. Blessed are the rain gods!!
ID	3	home from the beach and only my feet are burned. i am proud of myself and the sunscreen.
ID	3	Time for the hittin' the hay  Later tweeps. Ala Billy Cunningham, You are all Great Americans!
ID	3	Congratulations to Manny &quot;Pacman&quot; Pacquiao! You've made every Filipino proud of being a Filipino!
ID	3	@Marge_Inovera Hi Jakki! Thanks for the hug - right back at ya
ID	3	@nurseju I treat my hair so badly. It's revenge for it turning grey prematurely
ID	3	@MicheleKnight Thats beautiful
ID	2	@mcarvin I don't feel too bad, but not sure to what I should attribute that. Could be cold &amp; flu meds; nap; alcohol; or getting better...
ID	3	Soon we are going to look at a cabaret, it's going to be fun!
ID	3	photo session + mother-daughters bonding session = happy me
ID	2	@bmthofficial i am seeing you in sydney in 12 days for the third time
ID	3	@sophie_lee lol a bugg to school thats awsome
ID	3	Mexican! That's what I'm craving
ID	3	May the 4th be with you    Happy Star Wars Day !!!
ID	2	@_xotashhh I love having days off school, I had one on friday too
ID	3	Some goodies bagged at the car boot including some very cute cross stitch birds for my craft room! The man selling was a sweetie
ID	3	@kate38381849 haha it's ok. i really don't like getting to other businesses so its Ok,
ID	3	good morning!
ID	3	heading off to schoool. going to have a good day. i just knoww...
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jdtx - Springtime is nice
ID	2	Download movie  &quot;Still Waiting...&quot; http://tinyurl.com/d9g8sj cool #movie
ID	2	@Catwoman123 Have a good one
ID	3	@marika75 music-habits - I'll join your study
ID	3	Claude Debussy is my homeboy
ID	4	@MerCuriosJewels Wonderful trip!  Read all 4 Twilight novels.  Completely all consuming and engrossing.  Kinda sad to be done.
ID	3	@AndyTaylorSonic Yey! holiday Monday in Uk today ... have a chilled day
ID	0	@dannyvan i could have got you some from work and not paid more than R20 per 2l
ID	1	@dannyvan i could have got you some from work and not paid more than R20 per 2l
ID	2	@qatesiuradewyo I would cry a little. Wait...no I mean, the mechanical army would be -so- pleased to have proper representation. X-me!
ID	3	@emzyjonas My favourite TV show when i was a kid was.. Bananas In Pyjamas and Teletubbies.  lol Luckyy youuuu going to a JB concert! haha.
ID	3	@cresh182 have fun ! bbq is good ! no matter where it is
ID	2	implementing will_paginate  on my website; i love rails
ID	2	listening to varsity fanclub
ID	3	going for lunch soon  with my fave cuzs
ID	2	@Wil_Anderson your tweets were awesome  fuck the heat. That's what dencorub is for
ID	3	may the forth be with you
ID	3	@chelsea_anstee i hope! its in expo! that would be amazing. im trying so hard to make perfection so it is.
ID	3	@vampirefreak101 Haha ^^ Thanks
ID	3	good morning twitter-ers  rise and shine,, just on my way to school
ID	2	@LauriM could do, will the fact that its bank holiday make any difference? lemme check my money situation also
ID	3	i'm off to see a movie (&quot;17 again&quot;)
ID	3	Oh, and now Mondays also mean new American Dad!  So glad I watched that show, so funny, and it makes Mondays even better
ID	3	@AndyACB yes not for putting inside anything else
ID	3	whoa. that was some showering session
ID	4	Especially hard to get out of bed with myself this morn Cuz I'm hot  , Now running late stuck in front of the mirror checking Myself Out
ID	3	@Sophhs &amp; i are lucas till &amp; david henrie lovers. both boys are very cute  but @Sophhs you can have lucas &amp; ill have henrie  DEAL
ID	3	@ninaaacooperrr don't not come in  i love you... and it's your last week and you need to see me..... you're hot
ID	3	ready to go home
ID	2	@morganmg starbucks? I thought u were trying to b good?!
ID	3	@jeffparks naw...I'll keep you in. Turns out you have the odd nugget of wisdom.
ID	2	@talktomikesmith yep. but  what does it mean?!  Would you think outside the box to make name very clear what exactly is wrapped and why
ID	2	@fawn_s  Accept it, you can't do anything, can you?
ID	3	Aparantly it's #starwarsday so enjoy  don't quite know what your Kent to do but be happy anywho!
ID	3	is going to finish his last assignment. THEN GO TO BED.
ID	3	Went to see Priscilla Ahn last night, was amazin! so were the bands before her actually
ID	0	i am going to be disgraced with myself for life if i don't make it in next year. being a perfectionist sucks. good luckkkk
ID	1	i am going to be disgraced with myself for life if i don't make it in next year. being a perfectionist sucks. good luckkkk
ID	3	@AirheadUK washing off, comp was great..more people and FAB atmosphere. 1st in dist. and 2nd in exp. sess.
ID	2	4th may officially announced as 'bad luck day' ..
ID	3	@ingegoesbroadwa sounds like you're having a great time
ID	2	@DhruvChadha welcome back to school, don't study too hard, take time off and smell roses too
ID	3	@jimmymarsh617 awesome job last night!
ID	2	@BecaBear 1000 = make sure it has the word poo or balls in it  Underbelly DOES suck balls... I gave up on it in wk 3.
ID	2	Working on Canada Shoots information.  Coming your way soon if you have expressed interest and I have your email address . Eh!!!
ID	4	im boring - bad weather today, watchingn alias and having fun  with my boyfriend
ID	4	its funny you said we'd never make it and look how far we've come....  IM BACK ON HEAHHH!  um. yeah. school :/
ID	3	Cool music collection, can be used for non-intrusive background music - music from keygens!   http://www.keygenmusic.net
ID	3	3oh!3 on the radio  they were amazing yesterday.
ID	3	@jrathburn Good mornin' Jason! Ready for a fresh new week as well!
ID	3	@Brrridgett I already know what happens on Supernatural.
ID	3	finishing up at the studio  NEW SONGS UP ON MYSPACE tomorrow MAY 5th
ID	3	the maccabees new album is a winner ,everybody should take a listen fact
ID	3	Going to be buckling down this week. So, relief for my twitter followers from my inanity. Enjoy my silence.
ID	3	We'll write a song that turns out the lights &lt;3
ID	3	Very tired! Dinner good, then churro's were good!
ID	3	@sswayze  thanks 4 the follow, Sean.
ID	3	So happy, my VStudio shortcuts are backkk
ID	3	Off to class .... Longggg day
ID	3	feel like going home and sleep till the next day!
ID	3	Oh yeah, Radio1 is SO playing Earth, Wind and Fire
ID	3	@Stephkerchner heard through the grapevine that we might see you around today. Looking forward to meeting you.
ID	3	is online shopping...fantastic
ID	3	looking for new ideas for my blog
ID	3	@WestEndActress It's well good!!
ID	3	@antony Hahahahahahahahahah! That tickled me so much!
ID	3	@miraaaaa hahaha. you should eat then!
ID	4	in the mood to listen to some Reg stuff  (Sir told me: U used to be a huge fan of mine but now it seems you've forgotten my songs!!!) )
ID	0	fucken tired as fuck  it's sunny.. good day? deffff
ID	1	fucken tired as fuck  it's sunny.. good day? deffff
ID	3	@Danielle_Jane14 okay well then now i don't feel so bad lmao
ID	2	hopes tonight is an okay night
ID	4	weathers let me down this morning...ugh!...hada gd nite tho!
ID	3	@utterhip U r welcome pal  u truly deserve 2 be followed
ID	3	@iaindodsworth Ha, yea you are so not allowed days of rest, way too many interesting ideas to incorporate into tweetdeck
ID	3	@DNEZTHATSME aw, virtual hug! lol i was just about to come to your page and say aah no congratulations? but you did
ID	3	Baq to sleep i go  no the headach starts , if its not 1 its da other
ID	0	I WISH I LITERALLY COULD FUCK JUST ABOUT EVERY NIGGA IN THE WORLD...IMA NYMPH
ID	1	I WISH I LITERALLY COULD FUCK JUST ABOUT EVERY NIGGA IN THE WORLD...IMA NYMPH
ID	2	trying to record my audio source, maybe I need a specific program @vhadZe I'm good thank you  hehe
ID	2	@davidspruell Just ripping here.  That ad buy I was going to speak w/you about looks to be on hold for a bit. Company changed hands. :-/
ID	2	Awsome workout! Shower n then work, nice
ID	3	@Sunshineliron that was awesome!!
ID	3	@duskyazure yeah that sounds more sensible. thought you had a heston bleumenthal moment of genius somehow!
ID	3	@grentone If you have specific questions, let me know. Always good to have them when writing stuff. Well, I am off  Have fun!
ID	3	may the 4th be with you! HAPPY STAR WARS DAY!
ID	2	Trued a rim!  I'm getting good at this! o_O
ID	3	i'm yours.  hahahaha jason mraz &lt;3 lol
ID	3	@mcarvin That's tonight?! Cool
ID	3	@lorenanne I look forward to having one very soon
ID	3	@PaperCakes lol, I haven't made anything yet, I've just spread all my supplies out over the dining room table
ID	3	Sydney - Toyota - Landcruiser - 1996 - $10,000  - new ad received and will be posted on the HCC site soon
ID	3	Yes we Can  make it ......Obama
ID	3	Good morning Tweepsland! Makin' it a great Monday! Huge shout out to all my followers .. muah, muah! I appreciate you all
ID	2	@dholbach Sounds good. &quot;This patch was brought to you by ...&quot;
ID	3	@santoscarmen that's a lot of mangoes.. haha  baka naglilihi ka ahh?? haha  joke lang carmen
ID	4	http://snipurl.com/hbp3g  Canalway Cavalcade over in 'little venice' near Warwick Avenue - on today too
ID	4	Go to school :/ Reviens  15h30
ID	2	claires party was amazing!    headache.
ID	3	is almost done with the third/chapter cover page, yay
ID	3	had the best weekend
ID	3	WANTED: New liver and kidney, glass of wine would be good toooo
ID	3	@ccr_harris  There were way more than two! Ten hours of real-ale takes it out of you
ID	3	seen loads of new photos and stuff of new moon and cant wait  lol (L) Taylor lautner lol   takes his shirt off 3 times yum =]... lol
ID	4	Respect to @fresh01 for the Heineken man bag  http://twitpic.com/4jdrg
ID	3	@MissxMarisa you the the Queen of Sass oh Scenie!!!
ID	2	@nanere awwww... I'm sorry! I changed the picture... just for you! Because you rock like that!
ID	2	@Apachekiller Should I worry?
ID	2	When you see someone without a smile pass them yours
ID	4	STILL TRYING TO GET THIS ALL FIGURED OUT?!!!!
ID	3	i really should be in a bad mood. but.
ID	3	GOOD LUCK ON FINALS EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ID	3	@aulia &quot;alternate means of acquisition&quot; sounds sorta noble
ID	3	@pourpresheep lol. thanks babe!
ID	2	@Oprah an oprah guest if ever i saw one  http://tinyurl.com/d39x4n
ID	3	@peacecharade you will be great! Have a wonderful first day
ID	2	@sebby_peek mkay :/ did you tell him on msn? bfgurelgbsr yeah, i guess so, i don't know if i like it, i'll wait till i get your opinion
ID	3	@mynkeymonkey CONGRATULATIONS! How lovely
ID	3	gooooood morning
ID	2	feelin' somewhat down; ugh, i don't want to have an exam! oh well... 5 days baby!
ID	3	Hey David! Gone on the Eye yet? It's my birthday, and you singing @ Ipswitch-best present ever! Have fun breakfast hunting!
ID	2	@jimrhiz last reply  a scholar in US Homeland Security said an ontology was created for it &quot;and everybody hated it[s prescription].&quot;
ID	3	@taylorswift13 We welcome you, Taylor ) Although it's raining :// Can't wait for your concert  x
ID	3	I'm a bit happier now. Found a bit of motivation in Physics. I know I won't do well for the paper but at least I've started revising
ID	3	finish some sketches und then go out an skate! Yeeeehaaa! got a new deck
ID	3	@EnchantedStar it can only get better.
ID	4	I was right, street market + rain = not a good idea! Am at home now with the fire on and a bacon sandwich yummmmm
ID	3	this goes out to the one n only smirker   cheers dave!  aka jak  aka the best chest ever! ? http://blip.fm/~5jjcc
ID	3	I don't believe it, my puppy likes brussels sprouts!
ID	3	@trekkerguy Have already had a great day!  Enjoy your Weeties!
ID	2	school then game oh joy  totally not lookin forward to this day
ID	3	@leannenufc Go for it! Chinese sounds yum!
ID	3	up at 4:30am west coast time..gettin ready to catch my flight back home..soooo excited to go back to my two fav boyzzzz  puppy n BF
ID	3	Happy six months for me and her
ID	3	im so new!! and i need ur help
ID	3	hopes everyone is having an amazing bank holiday monday. NO WORK
ID	3	listening to David Archuleta album it's amazing
ID	3	@HemalRadia Hello pal..nice 2 c u today...have a gr8 week
ID	2	Ride bmx on the beach in Burgas, after careoke night
ID	3	skipping school w/ carleigh today, both of us barley got an hr of sleep last nite. i got a new bby kitten! shes all black
ID	3	Polly Scattergood's new single out today! Download the Please Don't Touch EP on iTunes, it's ace!
ID	2	@Shazmir b/c you catnapped...cats always have weird dreams
ID	3	Dancing was alright todayy still doing Jai Ho!!
ID	3	@jenniferjayy so long, farewell! &lt;333 Have a super amazing day! I'm going to sleep.
ID	3	Panera Bread potato chips are the best at 715 in the morning.
ID	3	been playing UFC Unleashed 2009 demo, its a impressive game, got the Apprentice on now, Lazy Monday
ID	3	@ckjchambers I agree the G B Reef got my vote  #queensland
ID	3	@ddlovato  i just saw your performance on the ellen show. we're so behind in australia  you were AMAZING and have such a wonderful voice!
ID	3	ah just finished making tea for tomorrow night
ID	2	@HamzaZafar That's the problem. DNS isn't working  uTorrent and DestroyTwitter are working while everything else is down.
ID	2	@hueypriest guess that depends on if you want to be on the jury
ID	3	@susanasantos CONGRATULATIONS on the test!
ID	3	@rhyanoutrageous thank you
ID	3	@TracyeDukes Good Morning and thanks for the Retweet
ID	2	@natalietran not to seem like some crazy paedofile typing with one hand and fiddling with my willy in the other but you the coolest ever
ID	3	@AlexTrup Thx
ID	3	@DickieA YAY!!! I'm glad that I'm not the only one who is about to sign away their soul to Twitter and Facebook!  welcome! xxx
ID	3	@xo_mcflyandjb hey! i loved your chapter!! more soon okay?  xx
ID	3	Morning Twitterland! Countdown to TCI begins again... Will get through Monday to Wed. knowing that I'm outta here on Thursday! Woo hoo!
ID	3	I'm still pumped from the concert saturday. 17/7/09 here i come
ID	0	his footy, and getting krisnan inu back on the team  / also, twitter, get rid of the ridiculous character limit.
ID	1	his footy, and getting krisnan inu back on the team  / also, twitter, get rid of the ridiculous character limit.
ID	4	@shotdown Haha, she's up here to stay, it's nearly 2 hours on the coach for her to get here, may not be convenient for an hour of TV!
ID	3	@Emily_Morden ..be at richard's. if not then i'll see you when you/we get back  good luck!
ID	3	@dayv79 haha I just playing
ID	2	@katie_andhearts Fingers crossed
ID	3	@twochix1 I want to see David cook!!
ID	3	@NakedSoap @dandineen lol yep sure do... although I must get out the house today !!!
ID	2	@Taddy69 Not good, I know that feeling. Hope you get well soon.
ID	3	@AmandaHol Britains got Talent just gets better every week
ID	3	@rewebcoach So far (with the exception of the rain), my morning is Great.  But I won't let it dampen my day
ID	3	@hasinamin I'm the same, don't panic. Big topman
ID	0	@curtistrichel thank you for being cabbie this AM-wasn't pissed and slamming doors this AM BTW, just hauling ass to get bathed before 6!
ID	1	@curtistrichel thank you for being cabbie this AM-wasn't pissed and slamming doors this AM BTW, just hauling ass to get bathed before 6!
ID	3	May the Forth be with you... ha yes... Today is my birthday  Star Wars day... Aren't i lucky you star wars Fans?
ID	3	@joshcoop Absolutely!  When we hit bottom there is only one way to go.
ID	3	congratulations penjiiii !!! Are we calling him soulja boy or mcbaby lol
ID	3	8am math final wish me luck
ID	3	@backsue rofl rofl. Have fun
ID	3	happy star wars day everyone  off to celebrate with the family... ok we're not celebrating it but i am going round to the famo's...
ID	3	@annahasphyxiate re sore back and legs: well at least you had a good time. epson salt works good usually.  DM me if need more help
ID	3	@bmthofficial  good as, cya in melbourne
ID	3	@fayarina shweeeeet!
ID	3	Oh Top Gear (UK), how I love thee
ID	3	Wow, I just realized that this is the last month of my school year!
ID	3	good morning!  i hope you all have a good day today!! although its a monday... be positive! ;)
ID	3	@GreeGreece Thanks for the Gifford Lectures page
ID	3	I had fun this summer
ID	3	@JacobLovie Haha it's not awful at all, but I think everyone hates the sound of their voice when they hear it played back, I know I do!!
ID	3	@frixionofficial its a hott tuuneee,
ID	3	@mikefoong lol i like challenges  the more impossible the more i want to try!
ID	3	Waiting for the El &amp; listening to a little MJB &quot;Just Fine&quot;. Perfect song to start my week.
ID	3	? Polly Scattergood's new single out today! Download the Please Don't Touch EP on iTunes, it's ace!  http://tr.im/kpK8
ID	2	@leeprovoost the movie takes a lot of digs at the Indian Movie Industry so may not much sense, unless you have followed it long enough
ID	3	@1sweetwhirl remember the guy who 1st #tweetbud you! ~&gt; @yashved_2890  help him get 900 flwrs &amp; make him smile!
ID	3	@Wossy You know, you can read almost all your Tweets as some sort of disgusting euphamism.  It's quite fun
ID	3	working @ the preschool....waiting on the kiddies to get here.....making dunkin donuts coffee
ID	3	Good morning  ready to start this week.
ID	3	reviews done, 30 new sentences, 100+ iknow done wow on a role
ID	3	i've heard Basment Jaxx's new song &quot;Raindrops&quot;...that's fantastic!!! and makes me dancing  i can't wait Fuji Rock Festival...
ID	2	@faceofboe you need to play something from Mary Poppins at them, everyone knows that's how rooms get tidy
ID	4	Working working and working at www.redirlanda.es. Many hours spent but it worth!! Lets make Red Irlanda big
ID	3	Chillin with the rents, and looking at hilarious old photos. Well funny!
ID	3	@mombloggersclub Good morning
ID	3	I'm going to school...JOY! :/ 7:20 am! I've got to go!  BYE!
ID	2	Download speeds are now unlimited until further notice
ID	3	This is the day that the Lord has made, I will rejoice and be glad in it
ID	2	off to pick up my daughters who appear to be picking up an unhealthy liking for primark...feel like a bad parent
ID	3	Come join the fun as I through out the first pitch at the Legends game... May 16th @ 7 pm!   http://tinyurl.com/6nkpuz
ID	2	@lise90 I've had that &quot;problem&quot; too, being charmed fast, I mean. I'll cross my fingers for you
ID	3	@DickieA @chrisjlovell it's true!  @chrisjlovell have u downloaded the tweetdeck yet? it is literally amazing  xxx
ID	4	@marnixtfn Ahahahah, hello to you and welcome on twitter ^^ Got the hang of it already?  xx
ID	3	@MaheshKukreja You too sweetie
ID	3	@HaoranC Go for it!!
ID	3	@bombchelle512 happy birthday  and @joemwestbrook congrats  wish you were here for your lady..ill take care of her;)
ID	3	trying to watch lost online very annoying and slow...the internet not lost
ID	3	gonna be a longg day but fun - senior walk finally
ID	3	@hopefulauthor Thank you!
ID	3	@amazondotjon http://twitpic.com/4j9cd - whoaaaaaaaaaaa RYAN!!!! i can see his smile from here
ID	3	@Ashika_Sunshine  I figured that... But I ended up taking my cousin to work in the Rain anyway...    But hit me up
ID	3	my guys call me ``Bartofthecriticalquestions''. I'm guessing that's a good thing.  #zeropoint.IT
ID	3	@Tittch that's crazy why would anyone not follow you? Your tweets are so much fun
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day
ID	3	@Nextread I agree, keep it in Star Trek but make it commercially viable! C'mon!
ID	4	@PeteTaylor I miss you too!!
ID	3	whew finally got in to RC..
ID	3	Is listening to P!nk tunage and trying to teach my cat to dance to it... I think she's getting it we can be backing dancers by next tour
ID	3	@yuniphan Yay! Congratulations, oh newly minted graduate. You'll have to let me buy you lunch and iced chocolates (PLURAL) to celebrate!
ID	3	we can sail around the world, you and me baby...
ID	3	@arepeejee love Dawn of the Replicants! love music monday!
ID	0	7846 - almost catching @comedyqueen up, so gonna kick her ass, and woop i will b joing the 10k mile high club soon
ID	1	7846 - almost catching @comedyqueen up, so gonna kick her ass, and woop i will b joing the 10k mile high club soon
ID	3	@lauurajm i do i do, i feel absoulutley fine
ID	3	@Monica2112 this is 5 hours late, but i never managaed to sleep properly. i think david tweeting me back earlier is the reason. ahaha
ID	3	@JennNinja Thanks too
ID	3	@DaveDuarte I can remember those Evidence Based Management lectures...definitely the best of EBM
ID	3	Going to the gym early trying to get back in shape again. My husb got me a gift cert to swim w/ Dolphins for my BD.  Need muscles!
ID	3	@clumsyFA yeah! Love my Hawaiian outfit. We reused that for rugby 7 this year with @doublechin
ID	3	Guinness got 2 'new' toys from mom and dads house.  Hooray for free stuff
ID	3	@macmuso thank you very much, I'm glad you like them!
ID	3	@Jonasbrothers That sounds like lots of fun, Nick! lol
ID	3	@pcornqueen Good morning and thank you for the re-tweet. Have a great day yourself.
ID	2	@jordandroid It's Star Wars day?! Urgh I'm gonna have to get the videos out
ID	2	I love when ryans a housewife. Makes me smile.
ID	3	Woo - got a fast mobile broadband connection now
ID	3	@dandineen I am UCE, I did my PGCE there   went to Leicester for my main degree though ...
ID	2	School then football then with alecceeee
ID	2	@IRON100 personally, I could not decide which election sign to place on North40 last fall : Reagan 08, TJefferson 08 or TRoosevelt 08
ID	3	ha ha ha I slept in again, three days in a row! must be a new personal best  today I'm going to attempt to finish my regluing my fans.
ID	3	@DjChino102Jamz  I just got through doing my work now I can take the whole day off, its great being your own boss
ID	3	I have been awarded my first ever credit card
ID	3	Clive it's my birthday pat me  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6386106
ID	3	@kailinnicole you're right about the duckies  thanks for being such a big help with wrapping &amp; writing up!
ID	3	back from my nice hot shower      i am wishing that brent was my older brother
ID	3	happy star wars day
ID	4	I am going to work than, ill be home, and im going to look for my camera since it must be lost in my house. everyone have a wonderful day
ID	3	omg supernatural is on after good news week
ID	3	Happy Monday morning!
ID	2	@createtomorrow good morning! Got to be afternoon in Germany
ID	3	@danielle_eleni I love you too!
ID	3	@gregjames will you be posting a pic of you H suit?? Pretty please?
ID	2	@RonRuys Oh i see. My grandparents were from Ilocos as well, but they moved to Nueva Ecija
ID	3	@jason_mraz http://twitpic.com/4iq19 - popcorn crazy dude and still adorable
ID	3	@Lurkine Would you travel to the UK for one?  The big US meets sound great, I'd love to go to one of those, so many furs &amp; so much art
ID	3	@sammoran BTW, 'nathanfillion' is trying to beat his Flight Control score as well, maybe you should follow each other?
ID	3	finally over my sickness.
ID	3	Out for a walk in the cornish countryside, on the great British bank hol   http://bit.ly/AILUn  http://yfrog.com/6rwwtj
ID	3	@Hooked4Life Sheesh. No crochet? BAH and humbug. And sleep? Um, I suppose I will someday
ID	3	nice weather..looks like its going to rain here in # Delhi.
ID	0	awake.  school. ew. but i put on some nice lotion.
ID	1	awake.  school. ew. but i put on some nice lotion.
ID	3	Last day of high school!
ID	3	@treewatcher21 Ah veronica! its a pleasure to meet you  I'm stephen
ID	3	@Pink congradts on ur show  Even tho i wasnt there lol
ID	3	@homeandhosed :O goodness, i havn't heard it. i lovelovelove her old stuff though, the overture the underscore is the best album i think
ID	3	Heading to the U of Utah hospital. Have a great day everyone
ID	3	is about to go into her last final.  happiness!
ID	3	its nice to have no assignments for the night
ID	3	it was a hard weekend. too much alcohol on these fuckin &quot;weinfest&quot;
ID	3	@DesktopGoldfish Yay, three followers! Good to know more than one person in this big wide world likes fishies.
ID	2	@leeboardman oh dear, hope you are feeling better soon, get some nice hot chicken soup down you.
ID	4	I sure do wish my mind could enter that box called &quot;nothing&quot; that men have.  My brain just won't go there... and it's exhausting.
ID	3	@ryan_lopez I love you  kiss me!
ID	2	back home early for once  - wow this thing is getting addictive..................damn u phil XD
ID	3	@clara018 heyy lol we are talking on david archuleta site as well lol  your funy lol
ID	3	well, having looked at my bruv's exam timetable and french oral exam I feel very fortunate  now to, erm, digest my morning revision...
ID	2	@lovemedown yay! your face is back
ID	3	nice weather..looks like its going to rain here in #Delhi.
ID	0	how to get rid of your followers step 1: announce that you're unfollowing people who give you the shits... everyone assumes you mean THEM
ID	1	how to get rid of your followers step 1: announce that you're unfollowing people who give you the shits... everyone assumes you mean THEM
ID	3	@herchu cool, sounds like you're progressing nicely  I've had a nice flight in the Duo and a landing just before the downpour very cool
ID	3	@itschristablack I am so stoked on seeing you with the Jonas Brothers
ID	3	@HollaAtK Hey  Did you have a good weekend buddy?
ID	2	still feeling BLAH. gave a biiiiig dose of insulin that i needed about 24 hours ago. Now I'm off to take my last exam of my junior year.
ID	3	i can be a good girl at school.. today i was!! i did it!! yayy
ID	3	@rdelizo35 nothing just trying to keep up with a 9 week old kitten LOL.  She's full of piss and vinegar this morning.
ID	2	jst came back from tel aviv
ID	2	@nixgeek I could, but that would require today not to be a duvet day. I imagine that my outfit for the Wendyhouse will be photo worthy
ID	4	@Pink wow 41,000 now....your really kickin' Carey's butt with this competition! See you both very soon!
ID	3	Going to bed  Goodnight  xox
ID	3	@emilyosment http://twitpic.com/48gy0 -  He's Well Cooool ;) Lovve The Ro&amp;Co Shoooow
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4jeij - New forest hoping the walk would lose me some pounds
ID	3	Time for a mane trimming, some yoghurt and maybe some sushi. A nice way to wrap up a fairly good day.
ID	3	we finally got our graduation gear today, i'm so excited. can you believe it? just 41 days left! aaah  and the sweater is so cozy
ID	3	snowbear has finally come out...congrats che and warren
ID	3	@Robert_day26 ~ Awwwww have fun with the fam boo boo
ID	3	Happy Star Wars day!
ID	3	I love when i have time for starbucks
ID	3	@danielagamboaa  i love them too! they look so cute together
ID	3	@nelpix ... Turned out nice I think   http://twitpic.com/4jeil
ID	2	@mariqueen Thanks for the warning. Good thing my heart is unbreakable.
ID	3	@hadoukenuk http://twitpic.com/4hsd2 - Weheyyyy   We give thanks for MIDI keyboards
ID	3	Yum! Whole box of cookies for me
ID	2	planning! and trying to call the doctor, though that isn't going so well. So mostly, planning
ID	3	shopping tomorrow? I think yes
ID	3	Today is going to be a good day!! On my way to work spending time with Jesus
ID	3	Reading a book instead of revising. Thinking about lunch. Heart rate is 56 bpm... just in case you wanted to know
ID	3	@augusten Ha ha, that's really funny!
ID	3	@TerriCook Good Evening Terri! Have missed you lately, hope life is being good to you. Have a wonderful evening !
ID	3	@MCRIsAPleasure really?  wooooo! I wish i could go to indonesia! Lol. Hopefully next summer.
ID	4	@dotcompals yes... nice. I missed a lot of fun. Damn exams. you are looking good...hair
ID	3	@mumof_3girls LOUISE !! You r not adopted - ballet it is. You'll love it and then the cocktails after even more!
ID	3	30 year old Barbie dolls still can rock it...that girl was H-O-T!  and Ken ain't so bad either!  now those are memories!
ID	2	@janeslee oh dear, thats not good - I hope you get through it all with a smile
ID	4	@chah101 haha Hey, Well if you were in the elevator you should have said more!
ID	3	Last week of class... Well technically classes are over just have two exams  and summmmmerrrrr begins...yeahhhhhyaaaaaa
ID	3	i think i like the workshop
ID	2	In hysterics at Yaas' email &lt;3 Am writing a speech for Speakers' and doing Food Technology...damn it's good to be off school on a Monday
ID	3	@shoptilldrop yeah I know what you mean, but the 1st season got me hooked and I HAVE to watch it now in case something BIG happens.
ID	2	@badabam no, sry, didn't feel well at all. but there'll be another change I believe  hope FFK09 was fun with lots of inspiring input.
ID	3	Very excited about camp, loads of people aren't but I am thrilled about that fact we get to sleep in tents and roll around in mud
ID	3	@01theone Looking forward to following your journey on this endeavor - just subscribed to your blog
ID	3	@taylorswift13 Have a great time in London
ID	3	@CTVCanadaAM ... sounds like Jeff has the best job in the world!
ID	3	just got back from Mcfly concert ahh it was so amazing! and I am now in love with David Archuleta
ID	3	sorry @sanderschenk I misspelled twice already. Im notgiving you up, just have to run  ? http://blip.fm/~5jjxr
ID	3	On the bus to NYC   http://yfrog.com/08kaifj
ID	3	Good Morning! - Court - Crossfit - Bible Study - Someone very special's house  http://tinyurl.com/cjs668
ID	4	Ugh. I'm so tired. Waitin for the bus. @jpbabii202 good morning!
ID	3	@steph1985 Bye  Btw, you like Simple Plan, Hoobastank, Bon Jovi, Linkin Park TOO? I love them !!!
ID	2	@topsurf no worries
ID	4	off to teach a bunch of fifth graders for the morning.  Oh joy ...
ID	3	This is why I got best dressed
ID	3	@Danacea Happy Star Wars Day!!!
ID	3	@martha_s Hope you're getting all your reading done.
ID	2	@evatweets feel better soon! Your immune system must be away on holiday somewhere... probably with mine
ID	2	Get yer freak on-it's Monday! Have a Great one, if it's possible to have a great Monday!
ID	2	could barely sleep last night, ugh...ANYWAYS good luck with finals everybody!!! don't rush through your tests!!! lol
ID	4	Waking up at unGodly hours to go to work is starting to get old. At least the coffee is good
ID	3	Luking for new background pic......
ID	3	@tommcfly &quot;We never want to lose the fans that got us here!&quot; Thank you for saying that  Wish you and the others a nice day, greets
ID	3	@DrMommy I have got my smile
ID	2	wish he could that would b better
ID	3	Doing make up for the school musical this week aaah
ID	3	@CustomCreation - We drank ours away, May Day Bank Holiday today
ID	2	is taking the dog to the vet then a play date with Annabelle
ID	2	Listening my own playing on a friends album and being disgusted by every second of it... Damn I suck.  Normal reaction. Every album.
ID	3	In pillow heaven
ID	3	[Somewhere - Within Temptation] returned to mysefl. Keep working hard till June
ID	3	back from the yoga retreat. I recommend this to everyone
ID	3	Good Morning Campers! I got LOTS of sleep last night! Thank you! Thank you Ash! Thank You!
ID	3	@tessneale i suppose this will be in the blog post, but could u email me who was there too
ID	3	@gracepoltrack Why yes I DO!!  ...Or rather, did. Just finished it! Starting Dead Like Me, lollll~
ID	4	@poojashetye until I break up with you via a 27 second phone call
ID	2	@corinnedekker hi again, sorry was going to pass on your email to my assistant (Rel and Soc) and lost it. dm it to me, pls?
ID	3	@turtleclansago thanx for the msg! glad u liked my singing!
ID	4	Illy's note in the book: &quot;From one 'geek' to another - keep up the good work!&quot; sigh.  He is missed - and he was great for espresso.
ID	3	@BeckySmithster  let's hope so
ID	3	Eating rice for breakfast. Yes.
ID	3	Having a good...no great day already &amp; Dr.Miracles feel-it formula really does work!! LOL Hope everyone has a good day as well
ID	3	@SmittySmiff dude i read that wrong! Haha well good good. Thanks.  but now I agree.
ID	3	@Mossyy Not a problem,  Glad to!
ID	3	ah what a lovely day for a bike ride and cake making  *is rooting 4 those who are revising!* do your best! X
ID	2	Baby baby, it's gonna be all right when I'm by your side and the whole world turns against you... I ? it when my Ipod randoms BSB songs
ID	3	&quot;I don't like Monday, i wish it were sunday, cause that's my fun day.&quot;  that was my freaking jam when i was little.   i miss it.
ID	3	@Pink ur shows r amazin  keep it up ! x
ID	3	Come on all you lovely fans Number 14 in the Local pop Charts  Let launch an assault on the number 1 slot!!! www,reverbnation.com/suki ...
ID	3	@ShannonLeto The best bike for the best guy! I love the Ducati sound. I think its unnecessary to ask for a ride, isnt it? Nice vid ...
ID	3	@jeffsgrippen yeah it's great!! always something interesting going on
ID	2	@newslite so our bums really do look big it this
ID	2	@thomasfiss hmm so late. Well its early for me.. HA
ID	2	back from sql. finals tomorrow...new video today
ID	2	So many freebies for all my JBnoy friends  SPAM THREAD SOON.
ID	3	tiny PhD's will do, because those bigger than me keep taunting me
ID	2	@biggboymgmt alright alright! I will be tuning in and taking notes - remember what I said before (got a spot? raising my handz - both
ID	3	i just looove my bf  u are awesoome!!!! [hannah montana the movie was amazing  best movie ever!!]  // cool http://gykd.net
ID	3	life is so good. and it will much greater on Thursday at 5pm!
ID	3	@Pink Can't wait to see you on December in Switzerland for a third rendez-vous  Great show ! You are just amazing  ... Enjoy in OZ
ID	3	@Antonio_Perth Awesome...love top gear..whos your favourite?Got to admit i have a soft spot for captain slow
ID	3	Repeatedly rubs thumbs softly and lovingly upon new Sarah Rayne novel. Sigh, and it's not a paperback.I'm the potrait of profound bliss
ID	3	Yea running on 3 hours. Lets do this test
ID	2	@MonstarPink Yeah, I wanted to say this, that there's a @ yourname section.  A bit tricky way to find your replies, tho.
ID	2	@GBglass LOL, my wife was teaching me how to eat them without sending the little soybeans flying. It was unsuccessful.
ID	3	@labella27 That is so sweet!! Have a good day
ID	3	no school today! that's greeeeeat!
ID	3	@breporter Thanks so much for following! The Muse has much gratitude and wishes you a magnificent &amp; productive start to your day!
ID	2	And this is what happens when Swine Flu gets to all of us.  http://tinyurl.com/55hq2o
ID	2	@selenagomez Hi S, plz follow me
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jerc view of Atlas Mountains, Morocco across the Straits of Gibraltar, I took the other day from Europa Point, Gib
ID	3	@stephiekwan And ooh, you changed your Twitter name! I approve whole heartedly.
ID	3	@paulawhite yep,  looking forward to it!
ID	2	@mattstout Thought you might be interested in @TweetPhoto http://tweetphoto.com. See who's viewing your photos!
ID	3	Woohoo..this is the day/week the Lord has made! Just remembered we get to wear jeans &amp; chanclas all week!
ID	3	@FutureClassics Ben and Jerry...yummmmy!!!
ID	3	@nicolemauricio Aw how come ur up so early? love ur youtube vids btw
ID	3	@camillecakes I was nice!! I called you  lmao
ID	3	haha May the 4th be with you! Happy Star Wars Day!
ID	3	i &lt;3 my new picture! its so pretty with the reflecting sunlight on the leaves!
ID	3	@fatbellybella morning erikah, how are u? Here start working about a song on my town, always a challenge
ID	3	thanks kate too.  *kisses* Xoxo.
ID	3	coffee and gym... starting the day off right!!
ID	3	Its awsome... when you know, that you know, that you know!
ID	3	Hey there! It's a glorious morning! Monday's animation mode: ON!
ID	4	dinner was yummy and all... but i'm still super tired after all the things we went through to enroll for college.
ID	3	STRESSED AS HELL (, but still surviving
ID	2	@queensnyprinces Thought you might be interested in @TweetPhoto http://tweetphoto.com. See who's viewing your photos!
ID	3	I'm eating a flake storm from hungry jacks. or as americans call it, burger king
ID	3	@yaseminx3 haha xD LMFAOO ;p yasemin ist sehr s  we rawk or what? xD
ID	3	@superficialgirl yeah the tomato paste and oil is traditional on a sandwich.. eat it with some olives and maltese cheese  yum!
ID	2	@youmeatsix haha i love the auditions new album
ID	3	@paulbaan Hello Paul, nice to hear someone is listening  Some interesting thoughts from #Kaashoek #Unisys. Patel from Doculabs next !
ID	2	@james_a_hart ah.. Birmingham! I remember being there in the Wrox days
ID	3	is loving Mortal Combat right now!
ID	3	home from work  good night with epic dudes and dudettes
ID	3	@AdamCrooklyn good morning broham
ID	3	wellllll, I did most of my homework. and i kind of finished with editing. And I'm not as tired this morning as I thought I'd be
ID	3	@Sierrasnowboard under a week delivery to OZ, awesome product, awesome prices. The parcel today made my day
ID	3	@walkaboutgroup Have fun guys! We're about 55 days behind you
ID	2	4 novos followers http://migre.me/SfN Sorry, the account you were headed to has been suspended due to strange activity. strange  timo
ID	3	@joaocalistro mine was good, wet but good
ID	3	@markhoppus so cute you twitting in potuguese!
ID	3	@SteveHealy - I shall post a notice in town so us Cork ladies know to watch out!! lol  You had fun then?? Sevens were the business !! ;)
ID	3	bahaha loving @rachmurrayX  twitter to me last night. DRUNK.  lol
ID	4	Woke up this morning to the line &quot;I made this half-pony half-monkey monster to please you But I get the feeling that you don't like it &quot;
ID	3	had an eventful weekend and nice week off, looking forward to a final chill out day
ID	3	@lisa_graham yerrrr sameee haha its the way he plays edward i thinkk mmmm
ID	2	@kiranchetrycnn Kiran, Sorry about ur bad land'g: Hope ur neck feels better. At least, u didn't break it like JD. Btw, ur in fine shape.
ID	3	loves the nice weather and 7:30 exams
ID	3	HAPPY B-DAY SHARON
ID	3	@jgm22 Hoping you have some pics to share?- &amp; hoping your Monday am isn't too rough today
ID	3	Woken up finally after a long night out, tea, toast and TV coming up...
ID	3	Richelle Mead - Succubus Blues-fabulous read! very entertaining, lots of fun and interesting too!! next please..
ID	3	@NatFace Ah - yes - that track is also on the compilation, with Kenny Rogers
ID	3	@hot_music_news Thanks
ID	3	@decryption That is awesome..
ID	2	gooooooodmorning world(: god bless, and have a great day!
ID	2	@Mateocamargo way i bought it today aswell now i have it twice cos i pre ordered it aswell  cya later x!
ID	3	@DonoLooLoo i feel like tweeting you for no reason. so um hiiiiii.
ID	3	More to thank for #ff shouts @applemacbookpro @aefpix @BrienPeters @DianaRusso and heaps more. Sry will be here all night i now realise
ID	3	@Andrewgoldstein just pre-ordered your new album 'Off The Deep End'. Been listening to 'Permanent Heart' on repeat since.
ID	3	@ the station morning show...then gym.... But this damn paper has me crazy any takers?!? Anna  lmfao
ID	3	Getting ready for my first &quot;real&quot; day of work in five months...words of encouragement are welcome
ID	2	@ImajicArt same thing happens to me all the time
ID	3	@Adam__Carter Good film
ID	3	@Fluffdoodle Lol, triplet.  Haha I'm so glad that morgan got the bag even if she didn't ride the ride
ID	3	; i'm in love with twitter more &amp;more lol back off gaulers, i got this more
ID	3	ha english portfolio!!! i finally finshed you  annnd you! comm final. youre half done! whoa 6:44am time for sleeps. night
ID	3	bye bye for now you lovely tweeters and especially my followers
ID	3	@youngandfoodish thank you  saw your comment on the chew aerobics, really tickled me
ID	3	@Alyssa_Milano Good Morning Alyssa!! Hope u have a great wonderful day today   im happy cuz today is my last day of classes!! Yay!!
ID	3	@parisandparadox don't worry  just sleep.
ID	3	rather excited about my hospital placement starting on monday. I get to give needles and take blood
ID	3	@LiannaKnight: We can't wait to see you!   This week can not go fast enough!
ID	3	Sitting at the Audi Joburg fashion week casting. So many lanky people in one place! Almost 100. Lol. Good luck to everyone  xx
ID	4	in 1st period. i hate this class. can't wait until i'm home!!!!!!!!!  i'll b the happiest person in the world wen i'm home!!!
ID	3	yoga for school, what could be better?
ID	3	its my birthday.....happy birthday to me!!!!
ID	3	@NathanDevonte looooooooooooool thanks
ID	3	Followed by the great Super Mazembe. One of the favorites around here  ? http://blip.fm/~5jkbp
ID	3	Is getting her new double yellow volkswagen beetle.  happy star wars day.
ID	3	my momma is comin 2night !  2morrow tennis day with p?nar yuppie !
ID	3	Just woke up :o mums singing to her new gn'r cd replacement i bought because im a good daughter
ID	3	i feel in love with pizza girl... now i eat pizza everyday
ID	3	working from home office today and catching up on everything except twitter
ID	3	One new follower
ID	3	who is that girl i see, staring straight back at me, when will my reflection show who i am inside...
ID	2	Hahah. Love them!
ID	2	Hanging out with @tomlazar and the Berlin Jarn guys.  http://yfrog.com/8c36ej
ID	3	@shortyyyy Aww how cute! You'd love my bathroom  http://twitpic.com/4jez4
ID	3	@girltrumpet because its like ten times better than this place xD and its so beautiful and fun  and they have gold coast hot dogs!! xD
ID	0	@David_Henrie No you silly goose!
ID	1	@David_Henrie No you silly goose!
ID	4	@Seoulbeats romance zero is funny
ID	4	Finished with MTML assignment  But didn't like it at all. Feels like I missed lotsa points but the word limit is 2500. Hmmpph!
ID	4	I wasn't sore yesterday. But i'm definitely feeling those hills now! My legs hurt all the way up to my booty. Its a good hurt
ID	3	@EvilGayTwin I hope you like your new sat nav
ID	3	@bjds Yeah it did, it explained everything
ID	3	Gonna get my ticket to Las Vegas today. Gotta check my milage. Can't wait till August
ID	3	Good morning everyone i hope you all have a great day  even though  it is Monday keep on smiling
ID	2	@zoopedup Have you noticed that we're at the beginning of what may be the worst recession since the 1930's ?
ID	3	@tsarnick I'm very passionate about my interests and go above and beyond  I mean, you've followed The Wiggles, right?
ID	3	New word of the day: &quot;Whoore lure&quot; yes... A new word for cologne. Thanks Mike Harding
ID	3	So I got up, went outside planted a few flowers and watched a lee evans DVD. Who knew bank holidays were so fun
ID	3	@mattbeesley why thank you. I might just take you up on your offer
ID	3	At school. with everyone before the first classs of the day  18 days.
ID	2	@hintswen oh.. Hope they will throw something useful at you next time.. actually no, hope you won't bump into them again heh
ID	3	I'm off to Costco in a bit to print off more photos for my photobook
ID	3	@mbburns That's great news
ID	3	@azreid You're not here. I hope you're still resting.  I don't want you to be stressed.
ID	2	http://www.facebook.com/pages/HelloTxt/73275306275 this message is posted on HelloTxt Facebook Fan page through HelloTxt, check it out
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day!!!
ID	2	@Bournemouthecho 'answers on a postcard'?! What century are you in?
ID	3	getting ready for my first day at my new job
ID	3	@NEENZ Bye!! Great meeting you!
ID	3	@eawalker00 No! I would like this! Yesterday, I talked with Alyso Stoner xD And Benton sent me a private messae and coment me here!
ID	3	@katherinewhitby gooooooooood im not a complete nut case then
ID	0	@hesa it's definitely worth it; art not withstanding  I hate moving; and hate packing even more..
ID	1	@hesa it's definitely worth it; art not withstanding  I hate moving; and hate packing even more..
ID	4	@sensualbodyrubs Hope you get your car today   Hate anything that stops me from my work ;)
ID	4	(bye) plurk out muna. will be back when im done reading the book  http://plurk.com/p/rq9c7
ID	2	Rosie to the vet. Routine shots and bordatella.
ID	3	Radio:ACTIVE never gets old and never will  this is the 4th time i have listened to the cd (its on repeat) today, and still love it! =D
ID	3	@TheOlifants  de wereld need more ppl like you! ;)
ID	3	@Twilightrockz1 Thanks! (followed me back)
ID	3	@evan Doh, from the 1st response I'm guessing you've seen it already
ID	3	Yay, watching Supernatural   .. Great way to end a hard day. I miss you Jesse.
ID	2	Tried on all the shoes in new look
ID	3	My sister just called... she's officially in labor! Looks like Anna and Josie are getting a new cousin today!!  (And this one is a girl!)
ID	0	@SamStreet69 back to the lovely land of the north
ID	1	@SamStreet69 back to the lovely land of the north
ID	3	Back to work!  How you doin?
ID	3	'Look at the tadpole'... 'No! ... Look at me!!!' ... Foolish dog  http://yfrog.com/05ixbj
ID	3	Its a Bank Holiday!..... If you're happy and you know it CLAP YOUR HANDS!
ID	3	@JimHunt That smile - the one in your avatar - is that a permanent condition?
ID	0	morning twitterbugs...nothing like a loooooooooong lie-in!!
ID	1	morning twitterbugs...nothing like a loooooooooong lie-in!!
ID	3	is going out for dinner... just the two of us... niceeeee
ID	3	@30SECONDSTOMARS Its NO voting vs anything - simple but true: yr *Stronger* cover is the BEST - w/o me *looking through pink glasses*!
ID	3	@stevencohmer - and yes i like the vids
ID	3	@Sarahhlouisee thankyou  how is ur night?
ID	4	will be practicing my smile today-it's gunna be BIG!
ID	4	Downloading Chex-Quest!  Been about 12 years sins it's final release you say? Your Right!
ID	2	@fobchick08 You lucky girl. Tell me all about it, 'kay?
ID	3	@NewYorkChica I understood you pre-coffee tweet  I'm good
ID	3	Good morning Sunshine   Tiime for $chooooL ! lol . BBL`
ID	3	Recovering from an Italian cruise in the Mediterenean
ID	3	Off.  Have a good star wars day, fonz day, dancing taco day, whatever you celebrate, it's all good!
ID	3	@filce Haha I know, I cant handle the fame!  and thank you!
ID	3	@dederobb wow!  Nice roar, I see good things in your future
ID	3	@Kat_KittyKat That's very nice of him.
ID	2	@SasaLoves bahaha.. Weekends are just too short.. Esp when it's nice out! I wanna stop time like evie on outta this world! Morning!
ID	2	@RiceRabbit Looks like you've had another culinary success, Sarah.
ID	3	Happy monday  up and about going to tavares today. Hope everyone has a blessed day!
ID	2	@ChrisCuomo DO NOT DO IT  I've seen enough  movies to &quot;know&quot; that something terrible will happen... LOL
ID	3	honestly last night was amazing, everything was perfect
ID	2	@PinkLeopardPrnt WORD!!!!!
ID	2	Coffee brewing, on this #musicmonday morning i'm #listening to the fray... Here's to a good week
ID	2	went 2 see the hannah montana movie wiv jodie on friday and it was WELL GOOD but i feel nasty for laughing at the lil girl that cryed LOL
ID	3	@hannbob http://twitpic.com/4jf46 - hehe cute pose there
ID	3	Waking up after talking on the phone to my amazing friend all night long. My eyes and stomach are the only ones complaining. I love boy.
ID	3	@ambermatson MUAHAHAHHAHAHA...   well, maybe they think I'm crazy or something. I haven't scared @williambloody yet though
ID	3	@MODOFLY  omg lol!  this is fun, tnx 4 posting this
ID	3	@tommcfly But it was worth it  xxx.
ID	2	@FawnBZee
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jfa8 - my new baby cousin, Olivia. 8 pounds, 19 inches. perfectly adorable.
ID	4	What can twitter do for me
ID	3	@chiacy thats much better than the flu syndrome!
ID	2	@sharagrif what a riot..now you can tell you're friends you've got chlamydia..but you're hoping to get pox-syphilis soon
ID	3	I just had a lovely lunch of curried rice and mussels with baby octopus - yum
ID	3	@josh909 thanks...do you guys have a showroom as well? Wanted to chk them out in the flesh. Quite cool lamps and the wife is impressed
ID	3	i don't know the guys on radio disney have so much energy. i wouldn't be able to do it  &lt;3
ID	3	making some beats
ID	2	Blogging-- http://13tolife.us/ Mentioning links to contests where you might just win a free book or two!
ID	4	got an A in english again  yay..  but a D- in maths
ID	2	26 days till 18  cant wait.
ID	3	@protoslag - well, look who's tweeting.
ID	3	is upload video geje di youtube  http://plurk.com/p/rqaoe
ID	3	Nvd i was sitting on it
ID	2	@britneyspears I hope that if I were to run up on stage with you one day,u wouldnt kick me off.&amp; U would booty pop with me.
ID	0	If this rain doesnt go away, I'm staying in bed all week til Mommy gets here
ID	1	If this rain doesnt go away, I'm staying in bed all week til Mommy gets here
ID	3	@MattLewisMusic lol we are going to place called frosties its a soft play centre it knackers them lol, then i get peace for the gym  lol
ID	3	@skinnylaminx saw a whole lot of your stuff at Africa Joy Casterbridge Farm, White River in Mpumalanga.was quite thrilled to see ur stuff
ID	2	Im am going to send some twits to some folk...............
ID	3	A Don't Stop Believing remix? Sure, why not?  Sacrilege   ? http://blip.fm/~5jkpz
ID	2	@therecordlife wow. have a safe trip back home  and we're all begging you, please come back to bloomington as soon as you can!
ID	3	Here why I like jeans  http://tinyurl.com/csbo8s
ID	3	I hereby announce that I am... employed! Couldn't be happier, Alhamdulillah!
ID	3	@phil1612 download iEmoticons from the AppStore. 0,79. But cool
ID	3	Oh my Gosh,so close to finishing my song! I can't wait!
ID	4	Is Bored. Waiting Till 7:06 To Go Out To Tha Bus
ID	0	@ruimoura dude, come on... at least rotate that motherfucker!
ID	1	@ruimoura dude, come on... at least rotate that motherfucker!
ID	3	I love the start to a fresh new week, 'tis when I am motivated most
ID	3	Good morning my little twitternut squashes   How are you all today? whats the weather like where you are?
ID	3	@wendytgibson  happy Monday!
ID	4	back,had a great MAD monday meeting tomorrow
ID	3	Sleeeeeeeepy.... I'm off... Goodnight twitterverse!
ID	3	@SirLP  It's just because it's May the 4th.   May The Force be with you  etc.  You've got to know your Star Wars to really appreciate
ID	3	Can't help to look at my Twitter page and drool all over my custom bg: http://twitter.com/galvao
ID	3	Nothing like Charley Biggs Chicken @ 7:53AM
ID	3	Monday mornings couldn't exist if it weren't for some hot tea.
ID	3	@BMartha hello there!
ID	3	Happy #juddday everybody!
ID	3	Good morning world.
ID	3	@erguncaner Thanks for the morning laugh. You are just too funny
ID	3	@apattys ... Yes.  That's what I said.
ID	3	@WendyandJay Here we are!  Unofficially, of course, but we are providing all the info you could want for the Geelong Football Club!
ID	3	first compree over .. completed the exam in 2 hrs instead of the alloted 3
ID	3	So finally.. It's raining in Delhi
ID	3	@bigeyedfishie it was AMAZING!!! Had the best time  hope you had a good weekend too.
ID	3	Hello TwitterFon. I'm so glad you're back
ID	3	@shortyyyy It was only $8.00 for the curtain and the two rugs  it makes bathing exciting hahaha!
ID	3	@taylorswift13 I wish I was in London to see you. It's like my biggest dream to meet you  iloveyouuu &lt;3
ID	3	excited about CWPM tomorrow.. only one member is going but still , its a good start
ID	4	The old internet is fairly boring today, nothing new on it
ID	3	@lizzieiscool thank you
ID	2	I just arrived in the office.. I am preparing myself for a very busy day, listening Debussy.... those songs always makes me feel better
ID	3	sooo glad im home  floridia was fun!! back in ATL. time to sleep....then back up to work!!! constant grind.
ID	3	@getkaizer thanks!!! it was a ballroom dancing competition
ID	3	@RobPattinson_ I hope filming is going well  I'm new to the whole &quot;Twilight phenomenon&quot;, they couldn't have picked a better &quot;vampire&quot;!
ID	3	hello thereeeeeee
ID	4	@dbdc LOL! I hate when that happens!! All hyped up and its over before you know it! Lunch sounds nice..hope you have a nice time.
ID	3	@KimKardashian i love you kim kardashian i watch your tv show keeping up with the kardashians ur blessed with good looks
ID	3	Off to bed. Only one more day left at school before i get to go on holidays. Yay!! Finally. I am getting sick of school... LOL!
ID	3	@thriftymommy - I enjoyed seeing EVERYONE that presented on Saturday at the Clark Howard event - Especially the 3 pre-clark speakers
ID	3	Just got to school. Goin to Cinncinatti Wednesday!
ID	3	I'm so pumped for the day!
ID	3	@Dojie wouldn't that cost quite a bit, I mean flying pizza from China? Nice fusion idea I may have to experiment
ID	3	@ChristineRabel ha ha surprisingly well considering!! Having a good time in the sun up in the mountains
ID	3	Good Morning Everyone. !.!. Time for work
ID	2	@nm you're fine - trying to kill off the bots and retweets in a bid to be the least popular person on Twitter. Btw, who are you ??
ID	2	Killing people  no not realy O.o just bored although it does sound like fun
ID	4	is @ school, we're gonna learn how to use skype
ID	3	The pushing has started, not long before a new #starwarsday baby is born
ID	3	excited how the jon does will do today  Good luck guys ;)
ID	2	@gjr02 I can't work out if you're into diesel or rice burners.
ID	3	@GeekySteph Exactly! Well, I'm off to pick my sister up. Speak laters! Enjoy your afternoon of pub and shelving!! lol xx
ID	3	when living in Spain..you can NEVER take a hot shower for granted..luckily I have nice friends across the street
ID	3	@F1_lou hahah hopefully!  enjoy your day
ID	2	@greggrunberg http://twitpic.com/4jdtj - have a safe journey back home hope you come back soon
ID	2	Sinus infection ): Damn brother. Anyways, Night
ID	3	@babygirlparis hope you have a great weekend,Paris
ID	2	The geographY was an exam today!But turned out well  OMG on Wednesday will a English exam xD   I woul'd be very nervous...
ID	3	@rowansingh Depends where your drinking, what your drinking, and how many mates you have. Joke fails
ID	3	Think I'll go enjoy the sun's rays again...I LOVE being off work
ID	3	Been helping ex-student with Uni assignment via Skype .... gotta love a connected world. Now sudying 'game design'. Even better.
ID	3	Good Morning...hoping to throw back some coffee like right now!
ID	3	@afwife08 Good Morning, good wakeup music
ID	3	Hoisin duck pizza, salt and pepper pizza and gelato for dinner with Edmund and Jade. Good times!
ID	3	@mylestones At least it's big enough my 20 month old won't find it and swallow it before the 3 yo and I track it down!
ID	2	@rossyflossy haha i get my senior license next friday!!!!
ID	3	Reinstalled Ubuntu on my laptop, this time using ext4; the new filesystem. System boot time, from GRUB to full operability: 30 seconds
ID	3	@williamfdevault i've sent a twitter invite to poet friends, i'm hoping they will come poetize, would love 2 see more poets here  #poets
ID	3	@JustinBazan Maybe because you got in 4 hours ago from an awesome night? Nah, that can't be it.
ID	3	@whatswithinu I'm very much in tune with your words today. Thanks.
ID	3	@pleasebemine australia gets may 4th off! enjoy it
ID	2	@sir_benzo the first step to recory is admitting it.
ID	4	is going to her last full day of school. life is good.
ID	2	i hope unni will make the audition . fighting dahye unni !
ID	2	Hey, im chillin right now, gettin ready for school   Mohawk Kidd
ID	3	@nhoustonreed Hi!! How are you? You're an amazning actress  Greets from Slovenia
ID	3	Hey everybody!  hah this day is cool! just got back from walk with the dog... @klaudialorincz OMGosh! Send me the link again please!
ID	2	I'm bored of being lazy.  Away to shower and go out!
ID	3	@JanSimpson good afternoon, hope you have a great week
ID	2	i deffinately need to clean my bookbag. but no time! i need to leave in the next 5 seconds to not be late to school. ...oh well
ID	3	@taylorswift13 http://twitpic.com/4gnlp - THAT IS FANTASTICAL
ID	3	@goldenboyluke  be sure to go by my blog today    -  and check out your friends - I bet you have some new ones today!
ID	3	@msstacy13 Well, thanks for thinking of me! And if you ever do get the scratch for one, well, I'm right here!
ID	3	@MrMarketingMan Thanks for the movie review!
ID	3	@AprilAMiller Its 5:30 in the evening, sunset time
ID	3	What a nice young guy at dunkin donuts let me go first
ID	3	Just checked email and got a follower withb same name as me living in Oz. Welcome on board my alrer ego @changa13
ID	3	Our Christian mobile directory is running! Just a month old  Visit http://tiny.cc/caribdir
ID	3	Me and the calculator made lots of little algebra babies today
ID	3	back from school  daily show was amazing  gonna watch it again later i think xD
ID	3	@AlyceMadden why arent u famous already? lol you have a very adoring fan, that fan would do anything for you hehehe, im you no.1 fan
ID	3	@LittleFletcher Can you come with the guys to Brazil? We'll love if this happened!
ID	3	whats on my head now?@mileycyrus whats on my head next?@mileycyrus whats on my head later?@mileycyrus so yeah,thats pretty much it
ID	3	@joycsc - THANKS ! My motivation is returning at about the rate I'm inputting coffee  !
ID	3	@gay_emo_zac and a good morning from france to my zaccie
ID	3	EVERYBODY WELCOME @purpletonic!!!  Hello Nicole ;)
ID	3	@petecooper Happy anniversary to you and @fluffymuppet! Hoping for many, many more. All the best from all of us
ID	3	is off to work ... still &quot;recovering&quot; from an amazing and beautiful weekend. Have I mentioned how incredible my friends are??
ID	2	@joshtastic1 so you are like the rest of us on this miserable bank holiday.then LOL
ID	3	installed the iNav iBlue v2 Theme...gives a fresh feel    http://twitpic.com/4jfg4
ID	3	Funniest desktop ever: http://mobypicture.com/?ee2ij3 this way I can see my collegue.
ID	3	@HayleyTxxx hey!  YAY! thanks!  wow ur page is awesome!!!!!
ID	3	@mikedignammusic coool thanks a lot  xxx
ID	3	@nessie111 playing man utd.kick off 19:45.champions league 2nd leg.lol
ID	3	@Lathams they do indeed  glad to hear everything is good with you. I'm great  life is good
ID	3	@lauraduhaime Hello How are you
ID	3	Morning all! Have a GREAT DAY! Off to school I go
ID	3	Buying my first mac
ID	3	@JessClarke as a proper journo I would have to agree with you 100%!
ID	2	@iamSteveZapp I've noticed!  enjoy another rainy day!
ID	2	@AngryYoungMan2 Thought you might be interested in @TweetPhoto http://tweetphoto.com. See who's viewing your photos!
ID	3	Recording an acoustic track! For you sexy kids!
ID	2	@alxconn Sorry to hear that.  Keep the faith though.  I might not be as bad as you think.
ID	3	@melmcmahon I have a great house to sell you!   Comes complete with a riding mower!!
ID	3	Sitting in a shadow of the tree in the heart of the city listening to Panic!..waiting for the bus  thanks,wind,for being so pleasant a ...
ID	3	@filmfinancier Cowboy westerns...haven't seen those in a while. good luck
ID	3	@torenheksje Thanks for the Retweet!
ID	3	i'm done.haha. HOUSE MD marathon ulet
ID	3	@leifreak8 Hi Miss.  Isabelle here. :]
ID	2	@Holger_bbA Ooh, nice  Well I guess not nice at the moment, being windy and rainy. But I like rain
ID	3	@dizzybunny. Haha. Rite. Im freeeeeeee. Britneys spears listenin time.
ID	2	@baknitter haha IE...it's expensive!!!! Hm...let me message you later
ID	3	putting up a half naked dougie poster  i love sugar's ladmag
ID	3	@kg86 aww.. thanks bro!  glad I got u active on twitter!
ID	2	Is watching the final Underbelly
ID	3	Off to England during the summer holidays this year.... yay!
ID	3	Peace! Good morning
ID	3	It's Raining!
ID	2	@Rhonddalad yeah hun it was a good night  my ankile is even more fucked now tho
ID	3	thankful for the rain for our garden! The kids and I are starting on our gardening lapbook (thanks Heidi  http://www.lapbooklessons.com/
ID	3	i bought a Italian horseshoe charm. Dragon! it seems to be very strong
ID	2	getting my phone back this week  yeeeewww
ID	3	Lying with my new lab pup on my lap
ID	3	@katherine_kelly PJ days are the best days
ID	3	@BrunnaXO don't be worried! I'm safe and sound!  &lt;3 you!
ID	3	HAD SO MUCH FUN TODAY !  i love alyssa arellano and mika reyes ! :*
ID	3	Good morning! It's going to be a kick-butt day!
ID	2	@agriggs8 is what it takes, I am soooo dragging his ass up there!
ID	3	morning sunshiines
ID	3	Off today! No wonder I love Mondays!  Movie theatre....here I come.
ID	3	Very good morning! Coffee and a taylor swift cd starts it off
ID	3	Gonna try to get a couple hours of sleep. Love going to bed at 9 am. Later Twitter
ID	3	About 60 again todayy yayy!!!
ID	3	staying afterschool today  not that i have any &quot;friends&quot; on here - but if i did , i'd tell 'em to text me ! lol [ likin' us &lt;3 ]
ID	3	@Dayteed cool! Linux?
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day everyone! May the 4th be with you all  xxx
ID	3	@MasterSavage everythings fine now
ID	2	@inkspotworkshop he'll be 3 in july! I'm just soo stoked!!!!  Especially since he sleeps with us LOL  He refuses to wear diapers anymore
ID	3	Good morning, everyone!  Just finished breakfast, and getting ready to see what this wonderful day has in store for me!
ID	3	@thereisaseason It's fun to see that glimpse of your life
ID	4	@ankurb Just kidding! Don't go around quoting me
ID	4	@MisfitDior good morning misfit *passes you Tylenol*
ID	3	@CBmagazine thanks for the reminder. Hope all have a great time
ID	3	I am watchinggg the new video of @VVBrown Its sooo good  Addicted!
ID	2	Done with FNR on Fox Charlotte. About to record online commentary. Find it at www.myfoxcharlotte.com under Rising tab. Great team @ FNR
ID	3	coffee. gym. studio.  story. of. my. life. these. days.     so grateful.
ID	3	@KimberlyCouzens I love these clutches! I'm lusting after one in bright yellow
ID	3	@taylorswift13 I created my account just to get a chance to chat with you (: I ADMIRE YOU! you're amazing! you inspire me to write  &lt;3
ID	2	@anthonyqkiernan Ha! PC and router have been off and on again many times, I assure you.  Funny thing is the laptop and phone connect fine!
ID	3	It was worth it
ID	3	finally off  now the day starts 2 be nice...maybe with a nice ending ;)
ID	3	@Dez4jc @goldengoodas thanks hun!! I'm working hard over here...  thanks mama!! I yuhh you!!!
ID	3	@DavidArchie Hope you find a nice and healthy, also cheap, breakfast!
ID	3	@jurgen If you see it at Nova on a Monday, tickets are only $8
ID	3	Reporting form IIT Delhi : Rains just started here..Picking up speed...Providing welcome relief to all hostels!!
ID	3	@llauren_ having a very lazy day, playing xbox and drinking tea
ID	2	@swbuehler don't let him hear you
ID	3	Feeling loved!  My Mom got me a Nikon Cool Pix for my birthday!!!!
ID	3	Dear Daniel, good news from Nintendo! They want you as a potential Lotchecktester! Hoffentlich wirds was mit der Stelle
ID	3	I'm feelin aiden today!  on the bus now  Die romatic!!!
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day everyone! May the 4th be with you
ID	3	First Day at the new job! Yeah!
ID	4	i wish i could take my pillow to school. dead serious.
ID	3	@ddlovato i wish i was there! but i live in holland ): but i'm going to see you in paris
ID	3	lookin forward to liverpool 2mz
ID	3	@taylorswift13 guess what i listened to love story 425 times on my ipod. You evil woman youve taken over my life ! Lol
ID	4	@iveland don't know it really hurt my arm. guess you have to booze me.. or just ask @hpeikemo or @erlandwienke if you don't believe me!
ID	2	Located &amp; ordered a new cooker today. Feel I've got a real bargain from http://www.laskys.com  80 cheaper than the place I almost used.
ID	3	@ThriftyGambler there are three broody ones atm, I have a china eggs under them to keep them happy ish
ID	3	@Alrady40 Thank you  That's really of sweet of you!
ID	3	@ddlovato I'm sure it was amazing  Wish I could have been there :] You're an incredible, phenomenal, amazingly talented singer
ID	3	Happy Monday!  Lots of little things to do today!  Tried to water plants out front very early in jammies! Got caught by two neighbors!!
ID	2	last class at 10:30. One final tomorrow and 2 finals on friday!
ID	2	@skrobertson thanks  i have to finish schoolwork today, no rehearsal tonight though. what ru doing?
ID	4	i am sleeepyyy. today = busy. work 10-4, library, class 6-7:20, tanning, packing, bit of sleep, atlantic city airport, myrtle beach
ID	3	Well not JUST making dinner making dinner with WET HAIR!
ID	3	@tweeterdiva It's easy.....just turn your keyboard upside down
ID	4	is pretty dang tired. but chambers class is for napping.
ID	3	Saturday is Partytiiime
ID	3	Dinner with Ali tonight celebrating her first day at the new job, will be near Trader Joe's, might just have to stop in
ID	3	oh yes! Level 40
ID	3	on a better note.. smile if u have something to be thankful for..
ID	4	@podagraph Wait a min, u pretty much home til u jump the pond? I have 1 wk 2 go. If I could find a cheap flt  It's a thought, haha.
ID	3	@tommcfly I just read online the article you mentioned..meh.  I am very happy to be stuck on you and the guys--just try and get rid of me
ID	3	starting the video editing of the first spanking movie we did with Mina ... it will be added to the next update
ID	3	@Chaos33176 What Makes Me Happy? My Daughter, My Family &amp; Their Support, Money, Shopping, &amp; Restaurants
ID	3	@catdog03 Do I seem brighter &amp; more colorful?
ID	3	Good morning  hope u all have a great day
ID	2	@pob34 done pots,had lunch now eatin chocolate.LOL
ID	3	@marteyo ahahaha okay deal  now i only have to snuff hermione out
ID	2	Shoutout to Reyah my fellow Philly homegirl we're both making the best of hard situations  (PUSH) pray until something happens.. much love
ID	3	mufasa!!!! warriors or the OCEAN!  hahahahahaha
ID	3	Can't wait 2 hand in work tomorrow then im practically finished for the year  yay!!!!!!!
ID	3	@KalvinClein hey! thanks for following  how is it going?
ID	3	@Lena_DISTRACTIA Good morning.
ID	3	@gorgeousgg yup!! even though its a lil rainy out lol hope ya have a good day
ID	3	@rissiapriyahita @zanidia @clarixxxa thanks udah di follow
ID	3	@powerseller thanks
ID	4	so tired after work...but i have King's Bounty Add-on and A Vampyre Story for a evening  and X-men comixes is completely donloaded
ID	3	@GothicVampireQ yessssss wore myself out this weekend planting my garden and working
ID	3	@sengming whoa steady there mate don't fall down
ID	2	I just used UnTweeps to unfollow 5 Tweeps who haven't tweeted recently. http://untweeps.com. Goed idee @Loesje
ID	2	Doing homework , and then , BBALL!
ID	3	Thanks so much for following me here too  I will keep you all up to date as much as possible on my makeup line plus all new collections
ID	3	i loooooove bank holidays
ID	3	good morning twiggas and twitches  http://bbltwt.com/sciif getcha motivation on
ID	2	not ideal bank holiday conditions.. a little over cast and rainy but perfect for a lazy day with a dvd
ID	3	@ddlovato Pleaseee Give Me A Shoutout  Love Georgia (UK)
ID	2	I wish i had a smartphone with an irc app. That'd be pretty cool.
ID	3	@shanellelee OOooOO -- no, I have not! Glad to hear it was incredible, though! I still have it bookmarked to try sometime
ID	3	@FakerParis A little tired but gland its bank holiday here so i can have a lie in
ID	3	@FatDaddySweets YAY! Busy is good
ID	3	@Dreaming_awake GOOD MIDDAY.
ID	3	&quot;Brides a la mode&quot; pow wow first thing this morning   This past weekend's lovely wedding fresh in my mind... pics soon!
ID	2	@Stephanie0285 So...I was half asleep when I wrote the previous message. Greatest friends !!haha  You are!!
ID	4	@oliyoung
ID	3	picture to burn - taylor swift!    great song!
ID	3	@kariannanas hahaha, I was busy, now I see what I replied to you! Yes that is true
ID	3	@Tuna one day I hope to retire to one of his floating islands
ID	2	&quot;Friends are the same soul different bodies.&quot; Plato
ID	2	Just got home, doing art all day.. i want to be in a film
ID	3	14:14 .. someone is thinking of me  good luck to lynny and her tattoo ;)
ID	3	waiting for hubby...wake up!!  had entirely too much fun wit tha seester last night
ID	3	Bank holiday in London! woohoo
ID	2	@elsekramer  Yeah the spammers are discriminating: none of the females  are part of the target group apparently
ID	4	Trying to figure out this whole &quot;Twitter&quot; thing! Thanks Scott &amp; Allison...now I can't concentrate on work
ID	3	Yes... today is Star Wars Day!    May the 4th be with you!
ID	3	@Frozen2theSword YAY! Hope your day at work is wonderful, Sis! We have a Bank Holiday in England today so everyone is off work
ID	2	getting ready to preach at church this sunday...first time back in over 6 months....especially for mother's day
ID	2	10.11PM~ todays a drag for me. so bored. im about to get into the romance book so i prob wont be on til the morn  night twitter babes ;)
ID	3	,.. oh the Mint Lounge ...AWESOME night
ID	2	@LaBarceloneta Haha!  I'm convinced you'd be great at it.
ID	2	@JArmintrout love your books
ID	3	@ddlovato You're one very talented singer, dancer and actress. Love your songs. I look forward to your next album. Cheers from the East!
ID	3	Early monday cramming... yay. Only a few weeks left
ID	3	haha moms back today from a weekend away , her first words, ' whys the house so dirty?' i love life ..
ID	2	Working on a bank holiday, but I don't mind - it's all good fun
ID	3	Sitting with sabbeth in first period.  buhahaha we are so cool -sabbeth lmao
ID	3	A sweat sweat deal? I thought he was sweet... It starts with pronouns, and then moves onto spelling Trentles..
ID	4	On my way to school not feeln this rainy day at all.... But I had lots of FUN this weekend  ....
ID	3	@LchangetheworLd No, i dont think its bad. And its very well edited, too.
ID	2	watching old skool fall out boy vids
ID	2	@Wossy Get a dachshund they are awesome at getting stuck in silly places I should know I breed them!
ID	3	afternoon. have the first rehearsal with this (extremely talented) singer-songwriter today. wish me luck
ID	2	@Joestains That's great to hear!
ID	3	Day 8 of the 30 Day Shred and Day 5 of Special K Challenge... I feel fantastic.
ID	3	@catephoenix I'm thinking you deserve an award. A big shiny one.
ID	2	Watching 5 children and it.  i really should be studying. I'll start soon :[
ID	3	good evening. enjoying vacation eventhough it is boring.  pray for david cook's brother. rip.
ID	2	learning for school now ...
ID	2	@kittyfisher Are they both still talking to you then?
ID	3	@wanderinghope hehe, thanks! that had everyone in my class laughing too.
ID	0	@stanleyyork in that case.. that's a stupid move  I thought they were being B-A
ID	1	@stanleyyork in that case.. that's a stupid move  I thought they were being B-A
ID	3	@c1ndyy Yeah, it's good! If you're not going to use it, give it to me! I want to watch Star Trek
ID	3	@Nalora Good morning  It's raining here.
ID	3	Missing my husband, but it was nice to wake up in my parents' house. The dogs are ecstatic
ID	0	About to go to school to help my mother set up for Teacher Appreciation Week. How ironic is that, Natalee?!
ID	1	About to go to school to help my mother set up for Teacher Appreciation Week. How ironic is that, Natalee?!
ID	3	@ThiagoAcquaviva You're such a sappy little fellow!  Thanks for all the well wishes. I'll need them. After today I have one more exam.
ID	3	@Grace_Coppinger nope  day off sleep time ha
ID	0	first year in ages where i'm not going to the crafty raft :O i don't mind though, i don't even like the crafty raft
ID	1	first year in ages where i'm not going to the crafty raft :O i don't mind though, i don't even like the crafty raft
ID	2	@leannarenee hope sequel edits go well   me and my notebook will be looking for a place to sit after pt ;)
ID	3	Loves the Mr. oh so much these days!!
ID	2	me, here again!
ID	3	damn... long shift tonight... I really should sleep but I'm not tired. Had a nice talk with Jon after work  Gotta love that boy!
ID	3	@mumphlett  a good girl nevah tells hahahahaha! hope you had a good weekend
ID	2	Yeah yesterday I turned 16. My parents rented me out a hummer limo. It was pretty cool
ID	2	Happy Monday tweeples... hope it wasn't to hard to get out of bed and back in gear!
ID	3	@coleb2 yeah, getting shows can be an interesting process.  the key is following up... at least that's what i've learned so far
ID	3	bought my dress yesterday!!  Only 12 more days til Chris is home. So excited! Gavin has his first tooth
ID	3	@misskittymarie yeah Tila is a little cutie and a little nutty but then so am i and my sweetheart she thinks she cute too
ID	2	if i buy the petit financiers under the guise of a gift for someone else, maybe then i won't feel guilty about eating them.
ID	0	Sometimes people never learn to shut up and stop talking shit
ID	1	Sometimes people never learn to shut up and stop talking shit
ID	2	@training...
ID	3	@CharlieCurve Wait - cool AND a sliding door? That's an oxymoron.
ID	3	@jehllai hahaha my boyfriend! yeah he looked so different there... but he's so cute... i so want to watch the movie...
ID	3	Employee orientation for serco  yayy.. I'm excited/nervous!!!! Wish me luck!
ID	3	@Irish1974 Yeah, it's good.  Just startled me.
ID	3	@DanielBedingfld is this a new album?? about bloody time too!!
ID	4	besides feeling sick...some things have made me feel particularly happy
ID	3	@Heidihabibi wooooo, interesting! Thanks for the info
ID	3	Finally got all 7 overdue books out of the little room and into my now overstuffed back pack!
ID	2	@YESandME Mornin' birdie!  Have a fun-filled day sweets.
ID	3	@buckhollywood HEY BUCK!!!!  love u loads!! LOVE &quot;WHAT THE BUCK?!&quot;
ID	3	have i ever mentioned i love ellen? a lot
ID	2	@mayleeen He won't. I know he won't.
ID	3	Awesome and exciting  http://www.sundancechannel.com/greenporno/
ID	3	hey life, i love you!   (translation: i love life!)
ID	2	60 days today  i can't believe it's been 2 months. i'm nervous about what i'm gonna say later. but i'm gonna keep comin back.
ID	3	One good deed deserves another. I hope to help someone else some day
ID	3	times for lame school, UGH!!! XP Thank God mondays r quick for me
ID	3	@Holly2305 LOL Me too. Going out at 12am isn't as easy as it used to be
ID	3	alhamdulilah. i got accepted into nafa
ID	3	@nsmithmorgan thanks for viewing my portfolio www.wahliao.com  I'll be updating it sometimes, will keep u updated.
ID	3	@marcuspowl Hi! Waking up, and not lazy at all. You would be proud of me, 8 am here!!! Btw, nice colour, not burnt.
ID	3	@ncteacher77  I appreciate you
ID	3	girl talk is awesome
ID	2	Planning to run riot in Luton today! BA HAA!  Not reeeally  where's the library in this (skank) town though?
ID	3	2 more days before the big conference: Central-Eastern Europe &amp; Caspian Scout Group Meeting... it is almost too long for twitter
ID	3	@gulpanag congratulations i am heart hacker not a computer hacker@
ID	3	@IngridHolliday good morning
ID	3	Happy May Bank Holiday British Peeps
ID	3	Goooooodmorning
ID	3	@nolaelliffe ahh i love u! u got a twitterrr
ID	4	@sethsimonds I am grateful for a great marriage, awesome kids, and a business that rocks! I guess the rest of my family is ok too.
ID	2	This is for nicole  Its raining, make sure you bring an umbrella See its not about the pack train I'm on today
ID	3	It's time for school, y'all !1!! HAPPY STARWARS DAY
ID	2	@leamcfly17 can I help in any way?
ID	3	@TheDanishGirl Awwwww!!!! And the gorgeous photo from California!!! You two make me melt!!!
ID	4	Good morning! Kid going back to school after 10 sick days. Looking forward to a productive week.  happy monday!
ID	3	@DougPreston Well now I'm gonna be on a mission to find their music
ID	3	I wov you
ID	3	@skingirl69 yeah, i'm so excited.
ID	4	@SheiroQ fuckyoumonday?  I like it. It's a totally crap-tastic rainy day here. :/ I'm off to work. *hugs*
ID	2	@scottiejen Good luck Jen, all the best  Am sure it will be fine
ID	4	@MagmaFlow Not yet.... too early in the AM
ID	3	bye for now people .
ID	3	Anyone plan on revolutionizing real estate this week?
ID	2	@shiv379 Try have a read of the Paul Mckenna book I Can Make You Thin, it has some good advice on how bad traditional &quot;diets&quot; are
ID	3	hanging out in myrtle beach as a married man
ID	3	ur wlcm &amp; the pleasure is all mine.   {Jackie}
ID	3	brought some new glass for my camera
ID	3	To all my beautiful followers  check me out on YouTube maybe? Www.YouTube.com/user/theboomtube thnx loads
ID	3	@mcrfash1 cool  what did you get?
ID	3	goooooood morning!
ID	3	@erlang Pigs catching Swine Flu and Avian Flu, risking the development of Flying Pig Flu? Awesomely funny
ID	4	@shanelapoint hey hunnie  how are u?? I miss talkin to u! Ty for the follow
ID	3	says good evening  http://plurk.com/p/rqh8l
ID	2	UGGG my computer is running SOOO SLOW today, it's driving me batty! Guess its time to remove files and defrag AGAIN UGG want a MAC
ID	2	@iantalbot Gosh I've a stinky old headache. Maybe I should have lunchfast
ID	3	It's my birthday today  Running the mile tomorrow ughh. But then choir concert
ID	4	Does not want to go to school. Oh well. I get out early anyways.
ID	2	@ddlovato I wish I could've been there. Demi, you need to throw in a Toronto, Canada show this summer! Please
ID	3	@littlebirdyband new album is truly genius, so happy with it
ID	4	@Rawrrgasmic it's a dreary monday morning and I slept like crap...give me a break...
ID	4	@PaulaMacKay I think he thought about it, but then I sneezed on him
ID	0	@MichelleWegner You are very lucky!!! My legs did not like how long it takes to dry my hair this morning.
ID	1	@MichelleWegner You are very lucky!!! My legs did not like how long it takes to dry my hair this morning.
ID	3	@luigiiiiii whatever i know you like it.  HAHAHHAH!
ID	3	Birthday girl in the house!! Tweet tweet suckas
ID	3	Twittering while my hair dries - just washed it in Macadamia and Orange Shampoo - smells gorgeous
ID	3	@wilw &quot;phlegmily green house...&quot; That was clever, but ever sooooooo ...... eeeeewwwwww. [more slow clapping] Get well soon.
ID	3	Yay, I won at the @Jumeau Bags #Giveaway from @InstantShift. And those bags are so pretty!! Or maybe I'll have a belt? We'll see!
ID	3	Hi CelebXXXVidsYH and AyBygW! Thanks for following
ID	3	Artwork for the single is now up  woooot woooot!!!
ID	3	@wroe16 ohhhh excellent song..hello my friend!
ID	3	@Hyperopia feeling better now that it' breakfast time
ID	3	@LorenaHeletea Thanks for the well wishes and hope ur day is also quite successful
ID	3	@Zindaret http://www.thinkgeek.com/books/nonfiction/b322/ &lt;-- Get me one of those and maybe next time
ID	3	@juneAmbrose Keeping Doing Your thing. Your inspiration for all black women!! Sending positive energy your way!
ID	3	@ShoeGal007 oh okay, cool.
ID	2	@gtfo dreamwidth, a new journaling site that just went into open beta.
ID	3	Off to the banks to get this thing rolling! Hooray for days off!
ID	3	omg J.O.N.A.S. is my new fave show &lt;3 one guess as to why hahahha
ID	3	I kinda forgot how much I love the darkness
ID	3	@kandeezie would love to see that!
ID	3	@perfectgrrl85 lol! I don't know! but you dont need the plant! I'll give you a hug instead! Hugs!
ID	2	@maximCH  there's finally time, it's raining  and the hockey doesn't start until 4   Good idea for a myepisodes.com script, but it's me.
ID	3	Happy &quot;Star Wars&quot; Day, Twitters.  http://migre.me/SiE :*
ID	2	@Blue_MandM Helaas.. En thanks!
ID	3	@tomfelton http://twitpic.com/4jam0 - Beautiful landscape! It seems very quiet
ID	3	will just take a bath
ID	3	@thehoosiersuk woop rehearsing songs  Yep, sounds even enough to me
ID	2	off to friendss for theree birthdayy.  X
ID	0	@nickindarsingh you suck
ID	1	@nickindarsingh you suck
ID	3	@julienviet Propellerheads has been on my harddrive for a long while. Just got my music repo back in shape this WE and felt nostalgic
ID	2	its really incredibly gross outside, so im hoping to get alot done int he house today!  including pics on the blog! morning friends!
ID	3	@quinland  Yeah It Good But dont Click The Red X Because It Shuts It Down But Other Then That Its Good  And When U minimize It , It Goes..
ID	3	@keza34 cool, your too good to me you know
ID	3	Had an awesome weekend and an awesome turn out to my rummage sales on friday and saturday!!
ID	3	Saw Fiddler with Topol! The girls LOOOOVED it!  Next month... Annie! 7th row! *can't wait* Trip 2 the music store for Fiddler sheet music.
ID	2	is cheering on the Arsenal Ladies!!    and missing my M...x
ID	3	@avalanchelynn When you're driven to be in the theatre you develop a thick skin.  12 yo's been auditioning since she was 8, gotten 1 part.
ID	2	Possible case of H1N1 at Ft. Knox (KY) http://tiny.cc/gNYq7. Note: this is for info purposes only, so there's still no need to panic
ID	3	Had the best wknd with her man and levi and sara love u guys
ID	2	@LaurenDayMakeup good morning hun! i loved the movie what happens in vegas~ it is such a good movie
ID	3	@preetishenoy good weather reminds me..I read your post on Sugar cane juice n other things..This weather calls for some of those things!
ID	3	Happy #StarWarsDay. May the 4th be with you!  From everyone @dxs_paintball
ID	3	Buenos Dias mundo de Twitter  eating b-fast and watching &quot;sex on fire&quot; video b4 I go to work !
ID	3	@gerardway well... how ya gettin on lol love frm ireland
ID	2	computers are a great distraction-but sometimes you should be exercising to getting your chores done instead.
ID	0	@nikster07. i dont know whats worse, g's twittering or your muriel! (@jms_ is the worst anyway  )
ID	1	@nikster07. i dont know whats worse, g's twittering or your muriel! (@jms_ is the worst anyway  )
ID	3	On route home! Parents 35th wedding anniversary 2day.. Gona take em 4 dinner  let's c if I find a woman I can be 2getha with 4 that long
ID	3	@ferretprincess Hey Miss Jane! How are you? How goes the film? Hope all is good with you and your family
ID	3	i hate school but i love chiodos
ID	3	@MR_Bill2030 And good morning to you too.
ID	4	@Squiretwizz You're right- you don't do sympathy very well
ID	3	By the way one of my goals this year was to forgive people. you have no idea how much has been lifted off my shoulders. i feel better.
ID	3	gonna go 2 bed now, night tweeters  , dont think about me when you sleep ;) hahah nite all
ID	3	Glad to be home.  Punched out late today.  I am very tired.  Thank goodness I am off tonight.  Will make sure I do something fun today.
ID	3	@theonlysv haha nuu .. soLo qoincideencia .. en seriooO
ID	3	not a lonely day after all.
ID	3	@Iamlegend01 u don't have school today????
ID	2	@justinlevy I know! I'm so slow its horrible. DON'T TELL ON ME!
ID	3	@kathibelle im sure he will  and if its not today, maybe it will be tomorrow..
ID	3	@boldnbright1 Call me when you have time and a good phone  I wanna catch up with you! I love you and miss you.
ID	3	@dzs_Gamefan Thanks  I love &quot;Misery Business&quot;; Paramore is such a great band!
ID	3	@jeanniere everythin's great and dandy! Thanks for asking! How're you?
ID	3	at school. Rusty just put Oh It Is Love on my ipod. awh
ID	3	@spudcomics wow thanks for saying that man! I'd love to illustrate children's books!
ID	3	Good morning Monday...  I feel as though you came to visit too early... But I am happy to see you none the less.
ID	3	happy birthday to @cgoldenstein
ID	3	@bradleyspitzer that's called dedication!
ID	2	@death_by_spork we shall see
ID	3	@AlainaFrederick LOL! Thanks for showing me @Naiyanan's site. I won't tell hubby if you won't.
ID	3	In bed eating chocolates after 2 super parties, yay  playing with the new camera - could I be an amazing photographer?
ID	3	is also very excited for the BLAZIN SQUAD revival!  im rooting for 'em-- their new song http://tinyurl.com/dz7tms
ID	3	hm, what to do... a bit of work, a bit of fun ...
ID	2	@Shahrukh_Khan oh please, you don't have to do that to me. Don't bother
ID	3	@MandyyJirouxx  HELLOOOO !!!
ID	4	Off to school so tired didnt hear the 10 texts i had last night lol !! Still tired but i love Jesus Christ
ID	3	@Pink I`m looking forward too see and hear you in Norway!! Live fast!
ID	2	@jerzicua fuck it. You don't look well. You have to go home.
ID	3	Monday and I am at work and the legs are a still hurting a little! Smile
ID	3	@Sharonyy HaPPy B-DAY Ma Freaaaaaaak  &lt;3
ID	3	After work....Hillcats game!   .25 cent hot dogs haha
ID	3	its gonna be a beautiful day!
ID	3	@sookyeong i agree with you!
ID	2	...is worried / hopeful that I cought giardia from the foam tonight
ID	4	@syzygy thank you
ID	3	Reminising on such a wonderful day yesterday with my family and my love.  Nothing like shooting some basketball with the men in my life
ID	2	yup, def swine flu. I think it was the sausage.
ID	3	I love those creditcard-sized memory sticks. And Microsoft keeps sending them to me
ID	3	might be seeing my god mothers little boy in a bit  . Leon, so cute &lt;3333
ID	3	@NadavS Cant wait to do some of those things
ID	3	NEW STRIPEY TOP DAY!
ID	3	I'm a 100% Reagan con according to this quiz http://quizfarm.com/run.php/QuizRunner
ID	3	I'm getting back into @taylorswift13 again
ID	2	time for me to go to bed. Am very tired. catch up with you all in a couple of days when I land &amp; recover from flying to Denmark
ID	3	One final down, two to go!
ID	3	@bigbooty85 I agree! &amp;&amp; I like the new pic!
ID	3	@Jacksmum_shantz heyy shantell!  twitter is cool, thats why! and guess what!! i followed britney spears, and she followed me back!
ID	3	@BamaBlockhead No.. $16 is a good price considering WHO you are going to see!    Right?
ID	3	Happy Star Wars day everyone! and Enjoy the holiday (UK)
ID	3	Today in a Week, I am 18.. yiha
ID	3	@MckMama That is INCREDIBLY sweet!!!! What a good Hubby...
ID	4	In pain from earlier gym session - a necessary evil after too much beer this past year
ID	3	@SarahAMurdoch unless you're gretel killeen apparently. you did look pretty damn good
ID	3	Had such a great weekend! Glad it's sunny out today
ID	2	@JessicaKnows @bethenny I have one fastsmallballbuster'y question. &amp; I promise not to weirdherout w/the fact it MAY be on my visionboard
ID	3	Chilling with my baybee sarah!  i love this girl
ID	3	@dougiemcfly Rest then. It's your day off!
ID	3	@ROBsessedBlog Welcome back, and thanks for the pictures. You made my morning 100% better
ID	3	In Paris till friday!!
ID	3	Good morning everyone!  Nice to see you today!  Hope you a wonderful and funny day!
ID	2	@DianaRusso night Diana and if you travel soon take care
ID	3	Only a month left of high school! Thank God. I am ready for summer
ID	3	@Nurul54 Yes, dahling... you are definitely one awesome tweep.   I'm sending love and kindness across the ocean to you!
ID	3	Morning &amp; welcome new followers! I tweet business &amp; pleasure so just fair warning
ID	3	@MareeAnderson love it!
ID	3	About to dye my hair and do my nails
ID	3	@dougiemcfly hahahha but days off are cool when nothings open  its like isolated and haha cool
ID	3	Good Morning Twitter Peeps    What is on your agenda today??
ID	3	@borgintraining I saw it and I liked it  Not bad :]
ID	3	@thesearemydays i (L u so much  See u at school todaay!
ID	3	@mortensax Will do - promise - thanks
ID	3	Back in from LI 2hours ago n still made it to work  yay me
ID	2	i want you to text me first everyday, not me
ID	3	@dboyd1 Yep. Nothing to worry about.
ID	3	@michalabanas someone's a sweet tooth  i was dying for somethin sweet so i've attacked the chock coated tiny teddies all i could find lol
ID	3	@nadiabeckett Ha ha, might be - I've doubled my morning intake already in the last couple of days - now have a HUGE bowlful!
ID	3	@jessie_ho i like the sound of that
ID	3	@charliestyr Hella worth it, even if you don't need the full 32 now.
ID	3	@AntoniaZ I feel so inadequate with my 250 followers now ... Send Enzyte!
ID	3	@lauraduhaime Im doing great thank you
ID	3	waiting on the cue for kenny
ID	3	On way to Birmingham.. Sewing in the van. Punk.
ID	3	the end is not as far as the start
ID	3	listening to some bands recommended to me by Sarrah  i really like the friday night boys &lt;3
ID	3	@grahamguy more coffee
ID	3	spring pictures today  going to schoooool
ID	2	@SandyU I know! I'm totally excited
ID	3	@robluketic how fun to see what people on the other side of the pond are getting up to right now... thanks so much for sharing!
ID	3	@suareasy http://twitpic.com/4bbcy - aww, sweet !!
ID	3	Wow, can't believe Monday is here again already. I hope everyone is well today
ID	2	@icyjoey don't frown my lil aussie, I still love you! *muah*
ID	2	@ShelleyStudioS Major Fail. Since you asked
ID	2	@Farung now Eating and meeting at the same time sigh well well I want to start work out too but will have to wait move to my new house
ID	3	Oficially Back to work, all systems up and running smoothly
ID	3	i'm yours - jason mraz....looking for an electric guitar  yay!!!1
ID	3	Finish line for Team Alpha 'Allstars'.. Was a great day and good to in the winning company team  http://twitpic.com/4jggm
ID	4	@pauldoussay Yes, I'm the only stupid girl of my kind!!
ID	3	@madonnacalling my fav CD
ID	3	Drinking tea and eating choc chip cookies. Going to head to sleep soon! Night all
ID	2	working late.. but yet so fun hearing my colleagues funny song lists
ID	3	looking forward to the finale of the RACE next week! Missing my castle girls though... Any and all Race fans welcome to watch chez moi...
ID	2	Good Morning!
ID	4	@Janegoth It has, however, got me out of doing the gardening - something for which I am eternally pleased
ID	3	likes patricia's dress
ID	3	YEHEY SUMMER!!  so exciteeeddd.. balme it on the a-a-a-a-a-alcohol.
ID	4	@shonali hello- i'd like a little chat- but can't DM you- is there a mail id?
ID	3	@LovelyLu very nice...i cleared my head
ID	3	@EZ_DESIGN allright! Looking forward to it..
ID	3	Building the radio studio from which we're going to podcast from. It's for our foundation called the Insight Foundation
ID	2	@HerbsandTea Our garden has never looked so good thanks to all the Spring rain. Of course it helped that I spent 4 days weeding it
ID	3	@crafty Hope it went well! Was rooting for you both from the (not so) comfort(able world) of PhD application form-filling-in  xxx
ID	3	@Jonasbrothers wow, that's cool  bytheway, i love your new TV show
ID	3	its gonna be a great week! dallas next weekend!!!
ID	3	@twlux_e thanks for following me. Nice to meet you
ID	3	My near daily exercise is starting to show results.
ID	0	Just saw a male Baltimore oriole at our suet feeder and something enjoyed a lot of thistle from our new thistle feeder early this a.m.
ID	1	Just saw a male Baltimore oriole at our suet feeder and something enjoyed a lot of thistle from our new thistle feeder early this a.m.
ID	3	@decadentluxe That's love.
ID	3	@mandacrow That pic of Donnie is the one SiouxSinner took last night at the Launch. Word has it, he's got a solo album comin' out too.
ID	3	Finally, im back online! I miss my lappy. So many things to follow up. Starting with Ning... Haha.
ID	3	@Gustavar Having an awesome day? You should... I expect as much out of you  #awesomeupdater
ID	3	@Wossy - Jonathan can  you get Priscilla Ahn or Raphael Saadiq on your show - they were fab on the Jools Holland show
ID	4	3 to go, and uploading photos to email would be ten tenenen tenen.. DONE
ID	3	see I told you  I'm updating my personal site with lots of goodies check them out as they come http://www.dennisgomez.com
ID	2	@ben_mayer I'd like to see a picture of you, Carl and John where everyone can read from your faces you're proud of and you love eachother
ID	3	It's only 10:30 and I am going to BED! Brain can't focus at all.. Need a fresh new start. I pray that God grants me a fresh tomorrow.
ID	3	@LemonpiY lol you mite be able to see them on facebook if you have it (and if you add me). Obviously I can't post them on my blog
ID	3	Presentation - done! And btw: my teacher is cute as hell
ID	2	LAZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZY MONDAY !! Bank Holiday  Nicole why haven't u direct msged me yet ?!!!
ID	3	@kitankhamun Pitty he wasnt arnd 2 huh! I wld have rlly wet myself! Otherwise the wedding was gr8!! Had a gd time &amp; lots of smiley faces!
ID	4	is planning her week, its going to good, going to get a lot of stuff done
ID	3	@AddictedToJones lol, of course i'm right, i'm ALWAYS right, didn't @ElieBel tell you???
ID	3	@LOCALDUDER I appreciate the effort. My skin is much softer than your screen
ID	3	just woke up and feeling real good cause of krispy kreme. I WANT ME SOME DOUGHNUTS
ID	3	@pooopy oooh really haha have they said anything about it yet!? i'll suggest the idea on twitter if you want/havent already
ID	3	@chantalicious THANKS
ID	2	@nicolagreco K - I can hack if I have directions   have multiple social net sites &amp; I think this is a cool add but we chose not 2 go MU
ID	0	will be very hard to go back to work this morning- 4 straight days at disneyland tends to do that
ID	1	will be very hard to go back to work this morning- 4 straight days at disneyland tends to do that
ID	3	@MasterSavage  cool, i saw it now in the link thanks
ID	3	almost time to take the kids to school
ID	3	@sotwitterpated Hi! Yeah I'm fine  Just being a girl Haha! But yeah, I'll be seeing u Thursday! Hehe, I'll tempt @janellebelle with a chai
ID	3	Good Morning everyone! Enjoy your day! Thinking of all my tweet friends
ID	3	@taylorswift13 woah that's cool  just landed in London about 2 and1/2 hours ago.I LOVE the scenery, beautiful ,
ID	3	Getting a lot done in the office already. It's good to be here early!
ID	2	Need to fold laundry and finish dishes... clean out the rabbit's cage too. That's about it that really needs to be done... doable
ID	2	@theloz from your fevered imagination, my son
ID	3	back to work on a beautiful sunny day
ID	3	Me and my son just got up.  He sure does love the morning time.  I KNOW he did not get that from me.
ID	3	Good morning tweeps! Monday got here way too soon! Hope you are having a good one, at least as good as it can get for a Monday
ID	3	No profile pic or bio, few or no updates, lots of following and no followers! Zap! Pow! Block! Annoying but strangely satisfying!
ID	3	@dfelteau then how come I'm not uber successful?  I'm not making the same mistakes, I'm making entirely new ones!
ID	3	@jrsmith thanks for the follow
ID	3	I'd love too see you were it @Ximovana
ID	2	so tired from school and work. shower than neighboures.
ID	2	@Sweet_Cake just  little stomach bug, nothing serious
ID	3	@twilightfairy Thanks twilight... i know we love canon
ID	3	is now at school! About to take the ECAs, &quot;LAME!&quot; (Steal from Brennan) Good Job LC and you too Brennan!
ID	3	Mother's Day is THIS Sunday.... don't forget to send her something special  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ExpmTEVSFQg
ID	4	Chilliin
ID	2	@LisaPietsch thanks for reading my blog. and for laughing at MY PERILS AND TRAGEDIES! ****Cries****
ID	0	I woke up at 5:45. Didn't have a full bladder, wasn't sick... And to top it off, I went for a run. Now I wanna go back to bed
ID	1	I woke up at 5:45. Didn't have a full bladder, wasn't sick... And to top it off, I went for a run. Now I wanna go back to bed
ID	3	Yay! Made my first sale on RedBubble - that makes me so happy   http://bit.ly/1gURq
ID	3	@jomanlk I am trying my best to make my own luck
ID	2	@Rubenerd Pulp Fiction in King William Street.
ID	3	finally feel back into swing of things here at work after getting married last week! sigh of relief for no more wedding planning!
ID	3	Today is a blessed day
ID	2	So I'm waiting in front of the DPS so Julian can take his driving test.
ID	3	@sicop ah helping my friend move and will defo be having a well deserved pint after it that's for sure
ID	2	@purplelace424 ya mine too but for very different reason
ID	3	I just went to Metro Diner for the first time. It was awesome.
ID	3	@twebbstack I know  haha night
ID	2	@suzemart lol it was kinda funny.
ID	3	@IamFakeBlood see u Next Saturday With Mr @atrak
ID	3	what a great day for a massage! book your appointment today  617-262-2220
ID	3	@david_bdml big storm here yesterday and last night. But a bright new day this morning here
ID	3	oh yes, happy star wars day.   May the fourth be with you...
ID	3	@dannywood lol good morning!  Ran 4 milles &amp; hit the gym?  Have a great day!!!
ID	0	http://twitpic.com/4jgro - me again
ID	1	http://twitpic.com/4jgro - me again
ID	3	@xHayleeey they are finally getting ready i see on msn  ahaha  have fun fun fun
ID	2	@TechSmith whatever u want us to wear / stick / show off around DUMBO Brooklyn &amp; Manhattan
ID	3	@tiffanyq swimming and tanning was heaven! i blasted music while tanning and was in my own world.
ID	4	@sargedunn1 oh, I am sorry my friend. Katie &amp; I will do our best to keep you cheery
ID	3	@inlovewitharmy Hehehe. ) I`m nice
ID	3	@OhSweetNibblets  16 too   crazy about miley and JB and in love with Nick Jonas haha
ID	3	@robertgould Fun to read, thanks! You Brits make things interesting  Funny they whittled 33 saints days to four,... http://ff.im/-2zgfk
ID	3	@matthew_west one day the hubs and I WILL take one of those. There's actually a missions cruise that we want to go on. It has music too.
ID	3	@tamij Have a good day.  I'm checking out Hugh today. Also, be on lookout for best &quot;cassoulet&quot; recipe you will have ever tasted!
ID	4	is feeling sick .... oh well, i reckon those people on the bus cursed me.... Anyways, nighty night all!!
ID	3	Headed to drop my lil cuz off at the bus stop! Then its back to the bed to read my book!  relaXin on my day off.
ID	3	Sayin' good morning to everybody in the Office . . . Must say &quot;Good Morning to you&quot; too!    Greets from Charlotte, NC, USA.
ID	3	Thinks FML should changed to LML (love my life)
ID	3	Already up and in the clouds, cod4 and French toast, best day of my life
ID	3	Just a reminder to anyone @ultimatepetshow, thepet.net awards for the most pet friendly businesses in the UK are being awarded at 3.15pm
ID	3	@UncleRUSH Good morning to you. Hope you have a nice productive day
ID	3	Looks like I got a new job
ID	2	@chriscuzzy you seem desperate,that says probly enough
ID	3	kid's class is going on field trip today ~ and for once, I was smart enough to not volunteer to help!
ID	3	Undervote is just going on  I'm all overalled up
ID	3	http://www.mmemarko.schilderweb.nl/ for my homepage
ID	3	@DH_Photography Good Morning! Hope you have a great day!!
ID	3	is enjoying a cup of chicken soup!
ID	3	FRIENDS COMING TONIGHT! Hopefully the weather will stay nice
ID	3	@lovelybookie_ yaaaay mish is following gab!
ID	2	you can see the coffee table again!! @dagnyreardon...so when r u cominging  over 2 insult me into cleaning the rest of the house?
ID	2	has two finals left today, then starts her big girl job tomorrow
ID	2	@SaraDfromCali So far everybody look good !  1 more momma goat to kid this month!  Hope she has them this week!!
ID	3	I have to stop writing in Swedish or I'll lose my nice followers. Back on the international track
ID	4	Getting to play golf with our kickin' Leadership Team...I have a feeling they r gonna kick me on the golf course
ID	3	Good Morning Tweeties
ID	2	Monday mornin', back to work today. Good thing I live my job.
ID	3	@razorbackrandy If I am... so are U, my friend.  HA!  But the thing is... WE make old look GOOD!
ID	3	We*d Man On His Way     Yess!!    Time 2 Wake Up 4 Real  lol
ID	2	Tweetioi in class is a real problem  =Taylor=
ID	2	Starting a new diet today. I don't want to get fat. Besides, its almost bathing suit season! *lol*
ID	4	@Matt_Vega @Matt_Vega sikeeee.I'm sick *cough*
ID	3	@Maggiedeephoto Thankfully that face only shows up for photoshoots
ID	3	Good mornin twiggas.
ID	3	@aplusk  Please play in my movie
ID	3	Spanish... The suckiest class ever. But I'm learning atleast. Te quiero Tiasha!
ID	3	@MOOVMNT Hey
ID	2	Final final of the semester
ID	2	Twitter you suck
ID	3	@DonnieWahlberg In Toronto  waiting for YOU!!! 48 days to go!
ID	2	@MichaelHewitt I'm not posh enough to read Tatler
ID	2	helllooooo boston legal
ID	3	@AlicePalice thanks lovely, will let you know when its up and ready! The baby havs are gorgeous, I want something to put in them  x
ID	2	@steph_rose Mornin' !  Missed dance time, so I guess I will have to dance extra hard tomorrow...
ID	3	@genehiga Congrats on the knottie man!
ID	3	gonna get out in the sunshine
ID	3	@matthew_west and by music I meant awesome Christian artists.
ID	2	why yes jeeves. bring me that noose there  TOO MANY ASSIGNMENTS!
ID	3	@dannywood Good morning Dan! It's my Bday and I plan on getting some exercise too today!!  Love ya!! See you in NYC!!!
ID	3	@LusaSousa  i&quot;m awake whats for breakfast lulu shit on a shingle ha ha ha
ID	3	@dannywood ran 5 miles, went to the gym &amp; woke up Ur great kids....dependable Danny  hope it has been great already
ID	3	is stoked for spring! Amazing wild foods! Nature is abundant~bless up!!!
ID	3	@roryok I suppose it has a certain 80's charm. I'd personally hold out for the motorola 8 track phone. I like my phones chunky
ID	2	@tommytrc The race was Saturday night. Jimmie didn't do so great. He's still in 3rd place
ID	2	I wish I could sleep forever
ID	4	@Sampad Till then ..Ice Cream!
ID	3	@KimKardashian you're the absoute best
ID	2	@Irish1974 Tell me about it. I spend 20 of the 45 min in the morning on computer. Doesn't leave a lot of time 4 showering &amp; hair-do'ing.
ID	3	This is a much better tool than some I have come across http://www.tweepular.com - Twitter Karma on Steroids
ID	3	is going to see wolverine and is a lil bit excited
ID	0	@Mfjmaf Namaskar &amp; Namaste r both the same. Marathi people say Namaskar! its a marathi word.... should i ? ...naaaah !
ID	1	@Mfjmaf Namaskar &amp; Namaste r both the same. Marathi people say Namaskar! its a marathi word.... should i ? ...naaaah !
ID	3	Drink #2: And at 12:45pm when leaving the shops I had a Medium Light Coffee Frappuccino. Nom nom nom
ID	3	Starting my morning, with coffee and the Early Show with Harry.  Home improvement...my fav. subject...&quot;dezign&quot;.
ID	3	If I smile at you will you follow me please lol
ID	3	@elle6503 Woo Hoo.!  I made it to one of your Favorites!  See.... Monday's Rock!!
ID	3	@ikostar well, if Twitter was $1 a year, I think it'd be a lot easier to monetize than at $30  Less need for differentiated pay/nopay.
ID	4	when i decide to be on time for something, that devil is always there to counteract! Frustrating but not discouraging...
ID	2	Am I the next Blumenthal?!
ID	3	asks thnx for gritiNg    take caRE Too  God BleSS http://plurk.com/p/rqo76
ID	3	Loves the fact that there's only 5 days of school left
ID	2	Going lay down, I'll get up officially @ 1! Yes 1! lol Good(night) again!
ID	3	@Renato71 Nice one! Hope others appreciate it
ID	3	got a rad new t-shirt from my aunt. Made from some cool shiny shiny pink material.
ID	3	ok I promise to become interesting if you follow me
ID	3	Thinking I'm super excited about this week!
ID	3	ordered my new shirt
ID	3	@terimoore  Congratulations...keep us posted on how things go!
ID	3	@FionaKyle I thought it was pretty funny.
ID	3	yay .. sherbert and chocolate ... very nutritious
ID	3	just downloaded the tweet deck....look at my and my saviness
ID	3	I'm report is coming along really good, and i haven't even been tweeting that much. I'm so proud of myself
ID	4	@Stormb441 not in this part of Surrey either, feeling quite a bit nippy I must say. Afternoon to you
ID	3	@LittleFletcher i LOVE lion knig ....it was my fav movie when i was a kid...i love it till now
ID	3	@annagabbert not to sound preachery or anything, but my iphone is amazing.  haven't had an issue since the 2.0 firmware   {wink wink}
ID	3	@madinalake Can't wait to listen to Attics
ID	3	Yes!! i has 100 minutes of Sims 2 plus Seasons  ) fun fun expansions
ID	3	My younger sister flies in next week for a two week visit. So blessed to look forward to seeing family members visit.
ID	3	it appears we found the dog.....as we were posting signs with his picture, someone else was posting &quot;found&quot; signs with his picture....
ID	3	Joan is such a legend! I can't wait for apprentice finale!!! im so addicted i think i need a rehab!! LOL tweet later..  xoxo
ID	3	Morning twitts heading home  had a great sleep over w. my bf Tennille!
ID	3	@pythonism c is nice, but I wouldn't call it fun
ID	2	@louhhh Thanks
ID	3	@joepolitics Last night was awesome! Thanks for all the hard work you put into it! Off to get some coffee now...
ID	3	Working on your birthday isn't so bad when you get to work with Ruby on Rails
ID	3	@dougiemcfly hey dougie, just thought i would tell you that your gig in edinburgh got a brilliant review in the scottish sunday mail  xx
ID	2	@martinschecter your knowledge of X-men is starting to scare me
ID	3	Watching loudQUIETloud documentary about the ever awesome Pixies. Realised Joey Santiago and David Lovering are Twitterers. Fantastic
ID	3	Little brothers being funny  Congrats on the engagement http://tinyurl.com/cv5nw8
ID	3	Loves Miley's song The Climb and loves the video  xxx
ID	3	@Paula_Deen   looks like a delicious recipe, will try that tonite
ID	3	Castiel is loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
ID	3	@nuttychris Greatings from planet shannan, we have laded once again on your lanet &amp; hopefull we come in peace =/ Hmm...Haiaa
ID	3	@balmeras Weekend was quiet, just planning new websites. Today, research and choosing hats. Coffee hat sounds good though. Kettle on
ID	3	@JuliaRosien Gmorning Hermana! Thank you for your testimonial it is wonderful. Posted already.
ID	2	@lisalisad1 I only came across viva la juicy on fri, no testers only body lotion in the store.... but i defo need to get it asap
ID	2	@wdthem But can you breathe OK?
ID	3	watching supernatural!  how exciting.
ID	3	@apgwoz great pics! You should try to start selling your race photos to runners
ID	3	At least they ( kids) havnt gotten to big to still say mommy ILOVE YOU. AWWW they are so sweet. I am so lucky to have my kids.
ID	3	@sugarreddrive thx 4 following  r y a band? What kind of genre that y play? Nice to meet all of y
ID	3	@OfficialBF1943 http://twitpic.com/4jb66 - lol pretty long
ID	3	Shopping with  beckyyy . Going to starbucks in a minute.
ID	2	Is Charleston bound for the day
ID	3	will maybe have my cell phone soon ! Yeah !
ID	3	The sun is shining  Have a great day
ID	3	@ilaxX nuuuuu, i totally love may, it's the best for me cos i was born in may
ID	3	I don't wanna work a 10-hour shift today! I'd rather whisper sweet-nothings into the earpiece of a lady friend's cellphone.
ID	3	@cindypon ComicCon? That's cool!
ID	3	@featureBlend Thanks for the intro. Great to meet u on twitter
ID	3	The mission to Wales to find the worlds greatest welsh cake with @kendalloneill was a success - as none are better than my nan's
ID	0	** gifts &amp; honesty box messages has been discontinued due to abuse ** - hehe, dal facebookov aplikace na hovno
ID	1	** gifts &amp; honesty box messages has been discontinued due to abuse ** - hehe, dal facebookov aplikace na hovno
ID	3	@DonnieWahlberg Cant wait for DTE in Michigan this summer you guys are great look for me in the customized NKOTB Track Jacket
ID	3	@MichaelSmith22 lol, wen my mum used to take me as a kid, i wud always eat the bread instead! haha.
ID	3	listening to Demi Lovato  FINISHED MY NEW SONG!
ID	3	@Carlkr all the best for your IB exams Carl. I hope you don't find them too difficult and that they go well for you.
ID	3	@chris511, I'd love it if you haven't had any takers yet
ID	3	aww, You Are The Sunshine Of My Life from Bob and Larry Sing the 70s.  makes me think of @gaballison &lt;3
ID	4	ill and bored on bank holiday.. Nothings open.. Bad times.. Film it is
ID	3	@MelWatson we have annual passes to Universal and LOOOVE it!  I love disney, but I dont know that I would do it in the summer!!!
ID	3	Yay! Just bought American Dad Volume 4  also seen Australia is out on DVD. Could be a lot cheaper than going...
ID	3	House season 5 - good stuff  time with GF, priceless.
ID	3	bought three books!! yipee!!  now who's with me on that read-ten-books-during-the-summer thing?
ID	3	Played D&amp;D on the bank holiday - was nice, got many XP  And killed a blob. Actually, two, though the 2nd had tentacles.
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jh4l - I picked out a watch !! Yey
ID	4	@djsteeley I think it's less of a tribute and more of a parody.
ID	3	@NeverTooSure i know  its nice haha
ID	3	@johnlegend  Thats charmingly funny
ID	2	@tsarnick Ohhhh I don't know ;) an older mature lady?
ID	2	Hi ho  hi ho it's off to work we go
ID	3	I like taking my dogs with me in the car when I run errands. They are always excited to go anywhere. like this morning to Krogers.
ID	3	@soundeffect haha that's awesome!!! Would be cool in a horror movie death scene  Maybe not cool....but amusingly ironic
ID	2	@animalhouse4384 All is well..That ends well! &lt; unless of course well times the power of three = the sum of ends if X being All
ID	3	@JC_Live That's what I want. More the better. Bound to be a few bad eggs though, but they will soon learn.
ID	3	@black_thought even more exciting because I'll see you at CAN tonight!
ID	2	@alphamoongirl I'd love to but I think the trek from London would be a bit too much
ID	3	@ShutterBugGeek Thank you
ID	3	follow me aswel !!!!!!!! if u have twitter, follow me lool !! www.twitter.com/djarka  koool
ID	3	@dannywood  LOVE  YOU LOVE YOU LOVE YOU LOVE YOU! okay can you read what I am saying... LOVE U.
ID	3	just another monday...but there are less then 2 hours to work for today...
ID	3	Humous and Dorito's.... Oh yes
ID	3	Busy week this week; quick trip to chase some oil and gas in htown and then back to office for fun week with the devel team
ID	4	On the computer alllllllllllllllll day
ID	4	has a lot to catch up on from the weekend! The BHR hosts have been busy, busy, busy  http://plurk.com/p/rqpl7
ID	3	Todays the day Twitterland...house closing begin at 11 and we should get to start moving in @ 3 into the new place.
ID	2	I think its time for a snack  Then to get day 7 sent out... oh the procrastination
ID	3	Happy Birthday Snickers!!!! ? I hope you have the best day ever! Let's go shopping!!!
ID	3	Mondays aren't so bad when they are this sunny  #fb
ID	3	@Robert_Sprigge  Keen skydivers take off thousands of times in planes but rarely land in them
ID	2	@WorkInColour It was a pain worse then death!  The Dell is just a boat anchor with a power cord or a very ugly paperweight!
ID	0	is on cloud 20 minus 11, razzle dazzle in amazement cuz he showed her heaven!
ID	1	is on cloud 20 minus 11, razzle dazzle in amazement cuz he showed her heaven!
ID	3	Hahaha @Jordan23Capp yes dey dooo, BOSTON Legal  tha fat old man is funny, tha one that was naked ina pink gown Lol
ID	2	@catcloud Yes, Cathy.  (Ordinarily, I don't have much of a problem with naked girls chasing me, however!  )
ID	3	Good Morning Twitter Bugsssss 8:48am and my day starts nowwwww
ID	3	good morning - thank you for my hot cup of tea @ryancoleman
ID	3	@bev_estep I am glad you are getting into your twittering
ID	3	@TraciKnoppe So far, so good. It's still early, though!
ID	3	@amber_benson the Macarena never looked so good. Loved the &quot;Aaaaiieee&quot; squeak / exclamation
ID	3	going to take my sociology exam   and back to bed
ID	3	ATTICS TO EDEN!!!!   &lt;3 &lt;3 In my possession x] Playing on my DVD player  Woop!!!
ID	2	Back in the office after a great &quot;Student Round-Up Event&quot; last Thu and Fri. Thank you very much for coming. I was great to meet y'all.
ID	2	@Cranialstrain It often pays to wait
ID	3	@dougiemcfly : http://tinyurl.com/c6tvz5 Germany loves you, haha.
ID	3	May the 4th be with you  #starwarsday
ID	3	@AMG22 You can find more info on getonu2.com We hope to launch the project this week. Then we'll really need some help to release it!
ID	3	@NattyKnits I just KNEW you'd get that!
ID	3	wow. someone's proud of me.
ID	0	@MelBrooke happy birthday month!! I only get a day but you deserve the whole month
ID	1	@MelBrooke happy birthday month!! I only get a day but you deserve the whole month
ID	3	@dannywood guessing... Ran 4 miles &amp; gym? Superman you  oxox
ID	3	@C64Takeaway that is a great remix of it. Double Wow!
ID	3	@Chambers_ Hahaaaha
ID	3	if you want info on #ecomonday check out http://tinyurl.com/cpv32e &amp; follow @ecomonday . It's like #followfriday but green! (&amp; monday)
ID	2	@Jamie_127 LOL Just remember how it was after my car accident
ID	3	@IncomeDiary Sure, its easier to login every day and make posts as an admin or mod, but ill try
ID	3	@cutmasta_ ...would like to order &quot;ElDonS@very_cool_domain&quot;, &quot;TheStrat@very_cool_domain&quot; and &quot;schweigi@very_cool_domain&quot;
ID	3	@3squares i will!!! thanks
ID	2	@tomsorrells I know we need it but I'm not a fan of daily rain/humidity &amp; I'm a native. I'll enjoy dry while it lasts.
ID	2	@dannywood Oh It was marathon sex? mahasha
ID	2	@machinemaria ...oh. hahahahahaha but no, seriously, i tell the wait staff they look great all the time, its the easiest nice thing to do
ID	3	Pepsi throwback, you taste so good in my belly.
ID	2	@jeremydmiller ok... maybe not angry... just with very little sense
ID	3	@LeelooDogBlog Thanks for all of the awesome tweets LeeLoo, glad you enjoyed the weekend.
ID	2	@sarieanne Eat it, it's good for you
ID	4	@MattthewHoare please don't tell me they've cut the price of macbooks.. although if photoshop has been reduced, that'd be great
ID	3	Handed out evaluation forms to my marketing 1 tutees today, one filled out that I was 'aloof &amp; condescending'! The rest love me though
ID	3	@Bofu2U Good mornin' to ya!
ID	2	calling mum too ask if she can by ice-cream
ID	3	@elliottja ha! Apparently I talk with a posh accent according to the ppl I saw in the Shire last+dressed very feminely! Makes you chuckle
ID	3	@damoxy Cheers!  I'd like to thank zBrush for making it all possible
ID	2	@zedshaw I didn't mean you were incompetent! But I totally am
ID	3	@SongzYuuup http://twitpic.com/4gemf - I can definitely appreciate this. The simple things that make my day...
ID	3	@RyanSeacrest Same here - coffee is the lifeline to all things good
ID	2	@WirelessWoman yes but 75% are on the wrong wireless plan
ID	3	Going to the Star Trek premier tomorrow night, uber stoked. I don't care if I'm a nerd, Star Trek is amazecore!!
ID	3	Bon Voyage birthday Brother @ Mccarran! cyah again vegas in july. havent slept yet &amp; class @ 1  .. such a fun weekend
ID	3	@margaretcho learn tw-headed boy by nutreal milk hotel
ID	3	@Dreamyeyes Yes,i was red like a lobster for days-cuz im too pale- but today finally got a nice color ~~
ID	3	@robluketic when you see Jackson later today, give him hugs n' kisses from me
ID	3	@danceashleylove i hope you feel better way soon!
ID	3	@ibeatcancrtwice thanks...I even washed behind my furry ears  you look marvelous too
ID	3	@emmao414 did you find them? Tell us how they turn out won't you! We're making blueberry pancakes this morning
ID	4	@asexynyfemale just make sure you have it well done
ID	4	Good Morning!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jnl7
ID	2	Haven't a clue about this twitter!
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day
ID	3	philosophy final today! thank you @sportygirlie08 it's 3 days now!!!!
ID	3	Hope my roommates having a good morning without TP and soap!
ID	3	school. 39 days @nicoleheartsjb!!! so exited. Amazing premier @Jonasbrothers
ID	3	call me einstein. got math test results: A-  hell yesss
ID	3	@LeviFig Already fixed that actually
ID	3	@pathea Good morning  Duh. Must get my brain in gear before tweeting
ID	3	going  back to bed  for a  nap, Im starving !!! tty l
ID	4	sitting in katies house with jo, the other two are away doing stuff, and i have swine flu  and bronchitis but thats a diff story.
ID	4	@AntiDepressiva I get motivated by the fact that I know I'll wake up and be more productive if I go, then if I sleep in, just me though
ID	3	@sevenspoons I like mine green  Just somehow doesn't taste minty otherwise .. heh heh.
ID	3	@spinallhead Bom dia, Utisson!
ID	3	@David_N_Wilson C'mon, I like the superpower explanation better! LOL
ID	2	@brotherjesse The ball is in motion. I have to type up concepts in outline format we could develop those to ensure we deliver greatness
ID	2	5-4-09 what do you think ill be doing tonight
ID	2	@rockeye I might give it another go.
ID	3	@ToffeeTFB It *was* a great day.
ID	3	@ginidietrich Weather reports of a week of upper 60s make me happy  Perfect running weather!
ID	2	@TSapi1 I saw your tweet a couple of weeks ago that had that hashtag, so wanted to contribute since I am a huge Mitch fan
ID	2	@catholicgirlyz ohhhhh with ya
ID	2	Passed 700,000 views of my YouTube videos
ID	3	@missgiggly Good night
ID	3	@ChipEFT Morning Chip - loved the new html format on your ezine.
ID	3	@dannywood I thimk you were working on those muscles we love so much.
ID	0	@agent_22 ok so I'm having a complete insomniac moment. It's 6am(almost) and I'm STILL awake. I hate when I can't stop thinking!  mornin!
ID	1	@agent_22 ok so I'm having a complete insomniac moment. It's 6am(almost) and I'm STILL awake. I hate when I can't stop thinking!  mornin!
ID	3	@sln25373 hahaha i was like :O DOUGIE THATS HARSH!!! are you happy he replied?
ID	3	@iseric ill buy you one
ID	3	Last day of college today!
ID	3	trainwreck. nicee
ID	3	on the way to nanny  school starts tomorrow! one step closer to being a teacher!
ID	3	@kristyknox Sounds like fun... I think?! LOL! I naughty, should be ironing and watching NK porn on youtube instead! LMAO!
ID	4	@Izzndsophtv i want to experience snow  we don't have snow here and it sucks
ID	3	just woke up..busy busy busy 2day...bake bbyshower cupcakes and jays bday cake, bleach hair again &amp; see my boo
ID	3	@Nickems that would be great!!!  thanks!!
ID	3	@what_tha lol  congrats!
ID	3	.. Starting a new week ;) Going to the GYM today ;) Hi to everyone
ID	4	Eating a bagel  yummy
ID	3	i'm glad we did a good job
ID	2	@garlicdog  I think your friend is thinking of Jonathan, not Danny
ID	3	Came home early from school to catch up on my lack of sleep. Thanks @thebamboozle
ID	3	So I'm REALLY considering it at the moment  Same days but even more money. Harder work though but can't imagine harder than I do now.
ID	3	Clambering about in crashed cars. Hilarious fun
ID	3	@DonMcAllister  Now I need to find the Keynote one! At least I know where to go! #ScreenCastsOnline
ID	3	@SoulSistaNindy what did someone do? and good morning
ID	2	@ambernclark babe i'm just fuckin around!  just bored!  no need to worry
ID	3	27 Followers  23 More....for Twitter Party!!!!!
ID	3	radianborge is learning the ways of being the padre de pamilya   go go go borgie!
ID	2	@talkmaster You realize you just did @inkspotworkshop a solid. Better than a full-page in the AJC.
ID	2	Listening to my favourite song... ALLAH KE BANDE HASDE
ID	3	Went to see hannah montana movie on saturday  loved it .... still cant work twitter out though
ID	4	@juenese i totally felt bad for the guy. haha im good  i miss you guys!
ID	3	@butterflydi i'll be back on it later today, got plenty of gold, but willing to help you out, if you need anything at all
ID	3	@followmethisfar thanks for the follow! The love of your life is adorable
ID	3	Getting ready to to to school
ID	4	Wish I was in London to personally witness the Nun Run! What a great idea for the opening of Sister Act's new broadway show
ID	3	coffee time
ID	3	@amorphia delegate  I am now eating pate on toast a my wife is editing yesterday's engagement shoot ;)
ID	3	School... haha well I hope Today is fun. I will post my regular updates during the day. Follow Me and Stay Updated!
ID	4	Checked the bank acct this mornin..got a lil sad..then decided I would imagine a 0 on the end just to make me smile.  #whateverworks
ID	3	Hey @robluketic &quot;keep clear&quot;   (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
ID	4	@jerzegurl Hiya! Missed you too! What have you been up to?
ID	3	sunny day, sunny outlook
ID	3	Looks like the sun is making a comeback in the midwest!!!! Happy Monday to me
ID	3	@medscholar08 try #fireflight first... female fronted metal is awesome..  ..  Unbreakable album would be a good start!
ID	2	@WorkingDaze_Roy i tell them it's facebook minus everything but the status updates.
ID	3	@RX2904 Nice! You should submit that to failblog.org
ID	3	@SarahWV hehe indeed it is, I actually nearly changed my bio to just 'Don't Panic' but I wanted to keep in the #freehugs
ID	3	@Vacant_Stained http://twitpic.com/4jhe5 - I LOVE it!  that is just so awesome
ID	0	up and listening to The Monsters.
ID	1	up and listening to The Monsters.
ID	3	@dougiemcfly   god peppermint mochas frappachinos are amazing...  and addicting
ID	4	.. i am going to fail my art final. FML. this was by far the worst semester of my life school wise- otherwise it was the best
ID	3	this is my second to last biology and the first time that i have ever been on time. Haha.
ID	2	Oh joy I've to open the changing rooms tomorow  well maybe it will let me catch up on my Reading at least
ID	3	@JoLoPe I liked it.  Did you record it yourself?  If so you have a very soothing voice.
ID	3	@Madinafire Buying my copy today, so excited! Need to learn it for friday  Good luck in sheffield
ID	3	Hell yeah Kellynn got a Twitter. Finally.
ID	3	@dougiemcfly have fun walking home on your own  xo
ID	2	Working on a PR plan. Then it is on to awards.
ID	3	I am so excited Rob Thomas is back!
ID	2	@terrymyers My son would freak for the Falcon
ID	3	@catatonickid @YogaChicky  @shiv379 Shiv, his place, slowly I hope
ID	3	@jetpacks YAY! I can't wait to read it.
ID	3	@xx_Megan_xx oh dear lmao that a key ingredient :p cakes in the oven and now I'm cooking my lunch paprika and chilli chicken YUM haha
ID	3	@cakelulu He doesn't need the shirt for that Jane...we just had to suffer another two old eps tonight
ID	3	@rozarin whaa?  you really should.  2 and 3 are definitely optional, though.  I liked them, but I'm also crazy.
ID	3	is exhausted, Bamboozle was amazing
ID	3	Liking the Windows 7 Release Candidate so far... (also liking my new video card and terabyte harddisk  )
ID	3	@cuddle_bug68 Bill is super!! Thanks you!!
ID	3	@goofygeorge You are totally welcome to come hang out on my wiki  Do it, do it!
ID	4	Hell of a lot to do. But they say you shouldn't complain theese days. Who are &quot;they&quot; and can &quot;they&quot; help me in that case
ID	3	@Sheamus Many thanks!
ID	2	@red_sunflower yeah, somehow it was one  i'm hoping for someone to have taped it *iz coward herself*
ID	3	@worshiper_7 Wow that's a big list...lol. I would be happy if I got half of that done. Now I feel lazy...thanks. Just kidding
ID	3	@peacePEACEout I totally did go! and he was AMAZING. He's is the reason I bought the tix. He only did 3 songs. But Blood Bank was 1.
ID	4	@LesNoyse when will she b finished
ID	3	Beautiful monday morning  so happy  http://myloc.me/tCt
ID	3	Happy Star Wars day everyone
ID	3	@poomalairaj - for all dad is doing like this to his son/daughter love
ID	2	@IanJenkin don't worry they are use to it, we always give them grief, they usually take it well!!!  nearly always!
ID	4	@yaseminx3  know. hahah xD what cha doin?
ID	3	@abbyhangsi thanks gail  imma try this one day! looks yummy! geezzz. after my siargao trip nlng pla. heheh.
ID	3	@michaelmagical haha i think thats a great idea
ID	2	@Arcania, in about two hours I'm setting out on a 600-mile drive home. Mostly I'm hoping it goes quickly.
ID	3	Is actually feeling awake today
ID	3	@Jayne4JBD haha we just say two weeks, but please do continue with the BrE it's great
ID	2	I got the ticket dismissed
ID	4	Pizza for breakfast....  shower... classes
ID	3	@Elise_Smith they are very yummy, i'm eating one too!  BAGELS!
ID	3	JONAS is awesome! I just watched Groovy Movies  Frankie,, was weird lol
ID	3	@dannywood ...hey danny .. did u run already ???    hope you have a good day ;)   i love you !!!!
ID	2	Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!  http://tr.im/kq95
ID	0	My Boss is in Las Vegas on the 14th A.P.P. Conference.......pfff
ID	1	My Boss is in Las Vegas on the 14th A.P.P. Conference.......pfff
ID	3	&quot;I love knowledge. I love thinkin. Fressshman. Fressshman.&quot; pellericious math song
ID	2	@SplitRockRanch Hey Split Rock -- I'd know that llama anywhere
ID	3	@dannywood glad u could check in with us today. keep in touch.
ID	3	@PHILIPGRANGER Thanks for the follow! (raises hand) I am
ID	3	Feeling some butterflies today   Study study study contracts; gonna ace this, then on to the write-on competition for the journals.
ID	3	is going to work an amazing charity event for big brothers big sisters. i don't mind working if its for a good cause
ID	3	did you kno that @itsmesammond is amazing  and i've known him since he got twitter and his most tweeted words are 'know' 'haha' 'xx'..
ID	3	@macpowell I'M AWAKE, AND HAPPY!
ID	3	From My Heart To Yours   ? http://blip.fm/~5jo4w
ID	2	I saw nomes on twitter  but I'm still not waking up
ID	3	my sugar-free redbull is on sale at Winn Dixie woo hoo!  I am going to need them this week
ID	3	Such a beautiful morning
ID	3	Good morning
ID	3	Today Tina and I have officially been together for 5 years.  Longest consecutive time I've ever spent with one woman.   I love you babe!
ID	2	@dannywood I guessed right, like 25 minutes ago...do you even see your replies....lol
ID	3	Saw Xmen Origins on Sat! By far the BEST Xmen movie! AMAZING!!!
ID	3	good morning. have to get ready to go to the hospital and get a cat scan. best wishes to you.
ID	3	@djEDGE34 WOw, that's a lot of work.  I hope today is a day off for you.    I'm working as usual.  But, getting some playtime in too.
ID	3	@jacqueline47 as long as you're not going to melt LOL. Hubby has an umbrella set up to keep him dry when he grills
ID	3	cALL mE wiErD, bUt I jUs LuV rAiNy DaYs! MaKeS mE feeL sO waRm &amp; cOzY iNsIdE  LoL
ID	2	@tommcfly since '05
ID	2	@MtBonez OR, just make someone walk on ur back?? I'm a professional back walker-on'er  I could use that too, on the lower regions!
ID	3	@mwahihi Yes. Nag twitter. HAHA  Thanks. LM.
ID	2	@dougiemcfly If i say PLEASE REPLY TO ME DOUGIE, will you do it? I double dare you
ID	3	Got 5 new followers yesterday! Yay  Just need 11 more til 50
ID	3	Today is check in day for week 12 of the Artist's Way! Hurray time to celebrate another good completed journey.
ID	3	This completes today the 4th of Mays entry. For the new day, invite a friend to come along to reflectively in-joy the read   
ID	3	#Beijing Good massage for you &amp; Sexy girl &amp; 100% real photo  13341015518 - w4 (Beijing): Hi, .. http://tinyurl.com/c48m6r
ID	3	@mamalou52 I love Puerto Rico also,been all over island, working Austin - Pr weekly. Love it!
ID	3	Today is Will's first baseball game!  GO BATS!
ID	3	@DanielleBean peace &amp; quiet.  Enjoy it while it lasts!
ID	0	@626aicitroM Yeah, yeah. Less #degenerate than current occupants of U.S. House of Reprehensibles. You can bet on that. Like MineThatBird.
ID	1	@626aicitroM Yeah, yeah. Less #degenerate than current occupants of U.S. House of Reprehensibles. You can bet on that. Like MineThatBird.
ID	3	@supermouse104 hey arthur! i forgot to say thanks for the flag... it is proudly displayed on my bedroom door! you are a witty one
ID	2	isnt going to school because theres no point.
ID	3	hurray twin girls born on this beautiful May day
ID	3	Good day all. Let's see what we can get accomplished today together.
ID	3	@xeydna sounds good, the one I was too was also fun
ID	3	@battle4acure Hey!    Good AM to you too!
ID	3	@babycakesjk I know, It's so crazy! I love using it too  Have you seen my YT recently? I am a partner now  xx
ID	3	@shahpriya nice luke quote  goodluck on the test u have been dreading.
ID	3	i love you twitskies
ID	3	Finally upgraded to Spotify premium - exceeded my threshold of awesomeness some time ago. Now where's the iPhone app &amp; remote @spotify?
ID	3	quitting my beloved job... having a long luvly  vacation at Koh Tao (turtle island), south of Thailand... SEA, SAND, SUN...WANNA JOIN ME?
ID	2	@maxime68 i know! that's why i recommend it
ID	3	Good Monday to all. It's still wet outside but inside I'm sunny  I'm feeling a surge of warmth and energy. This will be a good day!
ID	3	@oninobaka you know it's a place with &quot;Action&quot;
ID	4	I'm feeling pretty energized &amp; ready to face the day w/only about 3 hours of sleep. Hope it lasts all day.
ID	2	@JoelyRighteous no, silly, to shoot other shoppers with  though a taser is probably the more humane penalty for 12 items in 5 item line
ID	3	@iamlittleboots happy birthday
ID	3	@vbnavarro Love that song! Happy Monday
ID	3	@sabbymcguire aiyo! so poor thing eh you! nevrmine la, the night is still young
ID	3	@thomassmith Yo Thomas! thanks for the follow  Social Media Director at Disney? That's awesome! I'd like to learn more! Lets do lunch
ID	3	school for a bit. glad jake got the day off
ID	2	@dannywood i was sweating 2 but i didnt see u there
ID	0	@JuliusLionheart y r we giving up on people?  I actually thought that way for a while too before I found someone who is very intriguing
ID	1	@JuliusLionheart y r we giving up on people?  I actually thought that way for a while too before I found someone who is very intriguing
ID	3	YAY!  A bright and shiny new week to play with
ID	3	@terras3 I def will. If anyone leaves the room for a second he has to follow. He's a really great dog otherwise so far.
ID	3	@TheFifthSister So happy you came and said hi! Twas very nice to meet you indeed  Thanks so much for coming over and talking to me
ID	3	Finally Ubuntu 9.04 arrived as a disc
ID	3	@elderwand oh i see   so what are you having today?? hehe
ID	3	@kaay_ nothing new at all. lol. oh, i bitched alot today about one person in particular with rachel. Oh and I planned the ultimate event
ID	3	what a beautiful day not to got to my first class
ID	3	@sweetemmaxxx yeeh. i also have a thing for drummers  basically, all guys have 2 do is play an instrument or sing and im all theirs :p
ID	3	were you born in a barn? would you like some hay? 8-)(8) youtube the mother song
ID	3	@Jerome117 yeah! i love this one and doesn't really matter
ID	3	@1600milesaway but you look soooo cute sunburned baby!!!
ID	3	@MikeyConner Hey I bought that Porter Cable 4-piece set.  My new drill has an LED light near the trigger.  Oh I'm so happy.
ID	2	Off the road this week
ID	2	Goodnight all
ID	3	Was watching @timminchin downstairs  Now getting ready for bed. Piano in the morning.
ID	3	cant wait for prom and after prom party on friday
ID	3	Listening to olivia play!!  lol!
ID	3	Starting my internship today, pretty excited!
ID	2	@jersey39 Thank you   I've had anxiety issues for years so I think if I can make it through the first couple of days then I will be fine.
ID	3	Brooklyn!!! We went hard!!! Now back up top!! But 1st Hajji's...yea again  http://tinyurl.com/codla7 http://ti.. http://tinyurl.com/cr8hjs
ID	3	@alitherunner good. that was the intent.  hopefully others get the same vibe
ID	3	May the 4th be with you
ID	3	jb are so cute!  lmfao -giggles-
ID	3	Happy #starwarsday
ID	4	@petercoffin Maybe if we pass a lay making the #swineflu illegal, law abiding citizens won't get it
ID	2	While I remember, Nerd Hurdles rocks  Especially the tale of the currency of ironpoodonia
ID	3	cooked my own Lunch todayy  Givin' my mum a relaxin' dayy.
ID	3	When I check google analytics I can always get to google.com/anal before Safari's auto-fill kicks in. Makes me laugh
ID	3	@DHughesy you should so host the next logies, i only laughed at your bit really
ID	3	getting ready for summy yummy cocoa crispies
ID	3	Before I get too distracted, I'd like to thank my new followers for taking the trouble to follow me! And to my others: feelin the love
ID	3	@LittleMary01 I miss you too! Not sure when I'll next be on msn - mum's computer is tempermental...there's always fb email?
ID	3	@DianneMR I like that!
ID	2	@pimpyouriphone  Me to, oh well maybe one day
ID	3	@Bball4life Florida should be nice.
ID	3	@ukrainiac yea, I was just about to say something  It's great to hear! Ukrainian!
ID	3	1st place at competition, and superior.
ID	3	so most kids love my dark hair some say that I dye it too much and they never know what color its going to be  yea me hahahahaha
ID	2	@reddhed The pics should be up later today at www.dosriosrestaurant.com!
ID	3	@Snuffel16 gl and say hi for me!
ID	3	@Its_Claire LOL  I will buy u some big star wars pants 4 Xmas !!!
ID	3	@laurendaymakeup haha have good dreams  haha best friends forever! haha. be sweet to presh bailey   zd?b;P
ID	3	At work making more $$.. The only thing that keeps me going is knowing I can SHOP some more once I get paid  I'm becomin a SHOPAHOLIC hehe
ID	2	@amitcb Chabibi. It's a long running joke. I don't give a flying fuck if anyone follows me at all!
ID	3	Its raining cats and dogs here, in Mysore! Thankfully, no pigs/swines!
ID	3	I'm going to estonia!  woohoo!!
ID	3	@Deathwishedx3 and you. okaaaay
ID	3	@dages58 lol after this weekend yea ur right  text me cause im goin to 3rd and they dont have computers there  bye bye
ID	2	@medscholar08 thanks.. but im not sure im comfortable with such a sudden surge.. will be difficult to keep in touch with every1..
ID	3	tea numver 7  (i may start on the coffee in a minute but that has way too much caffene in :S)
ID	3	@azmomofmanyhats @rocknrod @gailelaine @sarahstanley  Good morning to you !  Its so pretty outside today
ID	3	@HilzFuld haha this tripped me up once when I was talking to Harvard - I read it as an aussie automatically - came off as an idiot
ID	3	#Happy Stars Wars day....Me's a JA-JA BINKS ha  A crappy day outside though ah well makes me have a bit more motivation to revise
ID	3	@mynameismo Good Morning - here's hoping it's a good one for ya!
ID	3	@TiernanDouieb Oh gosh I hope so. How fun!
ID	3	@bevjones1983 I'd Love to work with you! http://myspace.com/inikco  Tell ur friends to follow me!
ID	3	Hey @robluketic wow cheers for the insight ppl  looks FUN oh im just stunned..it's AWEOMSE!!!   (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
ID	2	@Maritzasylvia Hmm.. didn't get the DM, are you sure it didn't go to someone else?
ID	4	Going to bed, in pain fell on my shoulder today. Good night
ID	3	@tonyalangford It was pretty cool. The kids *and* the adults had fun.
ID	3	@CobrokeNation Good Morning
ID	4	My computer is SO slooowww this morning.  I think it's a sign that I should go home and play in my yard.
ID	3	@BrentO what about aPORKalype Now for the made for TV movie?
ID	3	@clemchaz Thank you so much!  Have a fantastic day!
ID	3	wats up in your world x) i just won a basketball game  best shooter on the team  idk if shooter existes lol but you understand haha
ID	2	So im playing hooky from work and it feels good  Gonna go get ma hair did! .......i wonder how fitzsimmons is doing?
ID	2	@helianniina Listened to it again coz you reminded me. This is so depressing.  ? http://blip.fm/~5joo9
ID	3	@faceofboe Loved your running Trek film posts over the weekend. Will probably wait a few days to see new one, so no spoiler tweets!
ID	0	Just five more days. Five more long days. Ahh!
ID	1	Just five more days. Five more long days. Ahh!
ID	3	@archiedineros Yup I stayed until the very very end  Exciting!
ID	3	@KarenSindayen hey we were doing the same thing this weekend! but it was for the kiddos...gotta love ikea
ID	2	Bank holiday = rain. Superb. But a great excuse not to start gardening in the jungle at the back of our house. Eating it is then...
ID	3	@batman1952 You know what?  That cowboy hat in your pic made me smile today (you don't see many of those in Japan)
ID	2	I've done nothing today apart from moan,whinge,moan
ID	3	@OlorinLorien I know, snooker on though. @nicolaherbert and I ate huge fans
ID	3	@RizzoTees LOL, point at yourself and laugh!
ID	3	@Nawarii22 ur welcome  u finished ur speech (typed it and written notes)
ID	4	Got my attics w sadie art work included  good times just broke my head phones bad times still happy buy attics!
ID	3	am chillaxin after a busy BankHoliday, Hope everbody had a gd wkend! Holiday in 12 days!!!  xx
ID	3	@bpmore  that last one was just for you
ID	3	@frostedfroslass bahaha.... tax folder and phone books, they have such double meanings
ID	3	@unodeellos where have you been? LOL
ID	3	@JohnRobberson I am definitely ready... actually ahead of you... I already have a sun tan and I was out at the beach yesterday.
ID	0	@quinland  I Hate It There Should Be A Endless Supply Of Hot Water!  I Put the Water Heater On 20mins Ago So Ill Be Gone In 10mins  Xx
ID	1	@quinland  I Hate It There Should Be A Endless Supply Of Hot Water!  I Put the Water Heater On 20mins Ago So Ill Be Gone In 10mins  Xx
ID	3	I want it NOW..  finally found what I wanted ..
ID	2	@andymooseman Yeah. About damn time. My film SLR just sits there quietly being ignored. It's time to step up!
ID	2	@chi_gurl woot
ID	3	@reemerband wooooo the tour has started yay, 13 days  have an awesome time! loved the video xD
ID	3	whos going to see reemer on wednesdayy  me and kirsty are going (A) im well exited !!!
ID	2	@RonnyakaTrauma morning you
ID	3	@dannisaywhat LOL kk i've sent u a friend request
ID	3	On our way to St. Martin!!! Vacation for a week
ID	3	@shanedawson haha yay We love you too Mr. Shane Dawson
ID	3	well being a retired drummer I can do my own drum roll so all you need to do is read my posts since they take a ton of time  lol
ID	3	@dougiemcfly : dougie, it's coffee. There's no &quot;I&quot; on coffee. Hahaha and your name comes up as predicted text. Pretty awesome
ID	3	aaahhh...just woke up! feels good to sleep in on a monday!!!
ID	3	You never really stop loving someone. You just learn to try to live without them.
ID	3	@eric_andersen thank you Eric!  glad u appreciate that!
ID	2	@nottypooch yeahh! i am very happy with my pendant, and hope to see you in future fairs. ps. good mini muffin
ID	3	@JGDemas Hey Muffin, good morning to you! Grt textin wif ya last night
ID	3	Make sure u pick up Chrisette Michele's new album EPIPHANY in stores tomorrow May 5th! You will love it! Promise!  Congrats @epiphanygirl
ID	3	YAAAAY! I think I might have Aced my history test today!
ID	3	eating maccies
ID	3	@afiaa_afaya who??  the_handsome_blue_beast?? hhihihuahauu
ID	0	@sway_sway_baby mighty boosh kicks arse
ID	1	@sway_sway_baby mighty boosh kicks arse
ID	3	The voice of Nemo turns 15 today. Thanks #NPR
ID	3	@PushPlayCJ hey  yall were amazing at bamboozle! thanks for stopping to take apicture on saturday.. seemed like you were in a rush though!
ID	3	@jerzicua I didn't say I met *all* the awesomest people, just a bunch of them.
ID	2	Going to jog down to uni. Quite a way from my family home but exercise and all that
ID	3	@ inthebattle its really cute. One of my favorites.
ID	2	@destroytoday thanks! I'm totally bushed today though time for some coding
ID	3	Starting my work week with a little AC Newman
ID	3	@davidspruell i always have a good day! i make it good all the time but you make it better w/ ur morning greetings!! thank you!!
ID	3	@mrsgizara  we are at FOrt Belvoir, on base.  Hubs is stationed at the pentagon.  I cant wait for pug pups!!  I just looooove mine!
ID	3	unplugging for the rest of the day.  Have a good one everybody!!
ID	3	@annwhit hiya! been looking for you1
ID	3	@MissEileen hahaha  Really, I'm just trying to figure out the last time he was on FB by looking at all of his friends pages
ID	3	busy at work. will be back loves!
ID	3	What a grey bank holiday. Watching Wallace and Gromit cheered me up
ID	4	just another manic monday.. wish it were sunday.. that's my fun day  happy monday twitterland
ID	3	I hope everyone had a great weekend! I will be here on and off today as I have 2 important meetings today
ID	3	finally seventeen
ID	3	good morning  tis a rainy Monday morning...blahhh!
ID	3	I can has warm chocolate, I is happy now.
ID	4	@CelestialBeard http://ten.com.au/good-news-week.htm &lt;--- this is it. definitely nothing christian about it
ID	3	@shayMonkey I'm comin wit u!!
ID	3	@GotSoul GREAT song
ID	3	is at school. its her last day. of high school. ever. ever. ever.
ID	3	@mswilliamsmusic I'd Love to work with you! http://myspace.com/inikco  Tell ur friends to follow me!
ID	2	@monica058 Happy Anoop Day to you Monica
ID	3	@b32 WHEW!  I'm just going to focus on family time and more swim suit shopping for the rest of my vacay! Thanks for the kind words
ID	3	Ok, seems I need to remember what account I'm posting as..... That last tweet was a @Geelong_FC tweet!
ID	2	Omfg this test is a joke.
ID	3	@FoolProofDiva  have a good day!
ID	3	I just got my leavers do dress!!!!
ID	2	Fuck im suppose to leave in 10 minutes, im naked, hair wet and no make up. Im going to look interesting today
ID	3	@gerdaduring i know they are delicious.miss germany but like holland as well as we used to shoppin there at weekends.lol
ID	2	@raynja yup, our coke blades :B annnd now i only need the blades to make them X). but soon enough, soon enough...
ID	4	miss your smile
ID	3	Last day to sign up for GoCincinnati! www.crossroads.net/gocincinnati you can sign up with my group.. its going to be AWESOME
ID	2	@dermaesthetix I empathise luvvie, I dont personally understand a grown mans need to dress in tartan in search for a little white ball
ID	3	@ifyoucdenise kk, awesome.
ID	3	@montelongo Hahaha! Is he snoring, too?
ID	4	AC is broke at the house. waiting to get an estimate on timeframe to repair. on the bright side, gonna join CoLab this week.
ID	3	@kayenchante thanks   got a hold of someone there who knew their stuff..at last!
ID	3	Office til around 6 today. Good day yesterday...I have a BSc now
ID	2	terence cao over-dose  im fainting.
ID	3	thanks for the props
ID	2	Coffee in hand and sun shining in my window.  Hope everyone's having a great Monday morning so far! #monday - MR
ID	2	Dragging myself to work, missed my fitness class this morn. Need one more weekend day
ID	3	@deversum I've gotta watch out for those stealth skillz! I always forget.
ID	3	is rotting away at her desk. Would've been really down and out but thanks to YL, you made my day. You're the best support system - EVER!
ID	2	I'm feeling so weak and tired from seating down in front of the pc. I really need to study for my HA long quiz.
ID	2	@monica058 Happy Anoop Day to you too Monica
ID	2	@erinmmoore if we actually watch it, yes we can admit it... our popular culture doesn't define our Christianity!
ID	3	@geerlingguy http://tinyurl.com/dlqo2p is a good one, nice
ID	3	@savepolaroid happy polaroid week back at ya! #roidweek yeah
ID	2	@purely_distel Maybe u have natural ability for languages  I envy u on that !!
ID	3	Version 2 of our live, interactive Trans-Siberian ticket planner is launched: http://tinyurl.com/c5ljwm - its very cool
ID	3	@donna_grant  Hey Donna, lovely to see you on Twitter.
ID	3	shouldn't have stayed up til almost 2 reading &quot;rules&quot; but i did. such a good book. totally worth the sleep deprivation.
ID	3	My phone works! Its whack. Well good morning. Gonna go eat breakfast with neil before school starts
ID	3	m still watchin Boston Legal tho it cracks me up 2, scrubs earlier was good  i guess i just like a laugh!!!
ID	3	It's weird waking up in my own bed. Slightly comforting, but i miss the group. But i'm loving using my own pillow again!
ID	3	@gabyrosario Thanks for the shoutout
ID	3	now that was my first try at any other language on Twitter other than english
ID	4	has a new nick name - arosh ..i like i like
ID	3	yEssss!!! goT ma TwiN oN LoCK!!!  weLcomE tWiiN
ID	3	@gabbyfek yaaaaaay i get to see you too   looking forward to cupcakes and fun.
ID	3	@FunderCats Munderday. I like that.
ID	3	@impaulgriffiths pauly wallly ! you made my life fucking happy as hell and i love you x3 you should reply back to me
ID	2	@SteveS86 Not true, you can get worse burns today... don't forget sunscreen
ID	3	@jlovely crossing my fingers for ya! &amp; hey you'll be on my side of town!  Welcome! LOL
ID	4	@ronenk @jewlicious Guys, nothing is free in life. Where is my shidduch money?
ID	3	@juliefernn jajaja es genial el tweetdeck
ID	3	Supernatural was good as  Loved it.
ID	2	on the london eye. Awesome but feel a bit sick. Madame Tussaud's next
ID	3	Just wants the morning to be over already! In another 5 or 6 hrs. My summer will officially begin  THANK THE JORD!!
ID	3	I really want to be a star...Hope Flawless will work
ID	0	@Nnascenzi but cover your sneezes with a tissue for love of God! My germaphobe-ness has significantly increased since joining healthcare
ID	1	@Nnascenzi but cover your sneezes with a tissue for love of God! My germaphobe-ness has significantly increased since joining healthcare
ID	0	i have to study :O talk to you later  xxx
ID	1	i have to study :O talk to you later  xxx
ID	3	@THEREALNOM hehe  now im smiling... but u still gotta make it up to me
ID	4	Happiness comes from within...so the fact that it is a gray, rainy, Monday doesn't bother me. Well, not too much.
ID	3	@Kelly_StrayCat   haha ty
ID	3	Heading off to Hollywood Studios today  Manta and Kraken were both awesome yesterday, feeling like doing a few more rides!!
ID	3	getting ready to lay out by the pool....
ID	3	is gonna go yoga-ing with a jumbo cup of coffee!!!!! Thinking about it is making her very happy!!
ID	3	@zzybug thankfully it's just a really bad sinus infection. they're just watching out for me since i've traveled recently. thanks though
ID	2	What am I doing? I'm sitting here wondering why I am twittering  Is anyone really listening??
ID	3	@robinmeyers Looks like you did the full Lincoln Marathon yesterday? That is awesome, the HM was tough for me
ID	3	yay for my very last class of the semester!
ID	3	Morning everyone!!!
ID	3	Good Morning Sunshines!
ID	2	@kidbraindoc just hope the tunnel is wide enough that you can get out of the way!
ID	2	one final down, two more to go!! wish me luck!! no a great effort!!
ID	3	hope your weekend was fabulous  do anything interesting?
ID	3	@MsPonita 9 more week! July 8th. Flolloping just perfectly describes the way she moves my belly  hehe
ID	3	Good morming my sunshines! Have a beautiful day! Last day of classes for me!
ID	3	@kapilb oh optician! how did i not think of that. thanks
ID	3	Chick fil a on the morning of my final...that is a must!!  *amj*
ID	3	@Poptastic omg! I saw ur update nd it said &quot;David Archuleta&quot;!!!! lol. They shoulda had more David on it! &lt;33 David's awsome!!  t4p!
ID	2	Leaving for work.. 5:30 can't get here soon enough!  hope everyone has a great day!
ID	3	@absolutraia that's precious
ID	2	@Michael_Cera That is so awesome  awwww.
ID	3	Had a great weekend with John-back to work for 3 days then going to Illinois on Thurs &amp; Fri for more Gigs with John
ID	3	@DaLionofjudah Hey, you!! ;) Call me this week!! Gotta go hang out ... could use the de-stress!!
ID	3	@easytouch lets go home
ID	3	Staying home to work on a linoleum block carving for a project (due tomorrow). There will probably be pictures.
ID	3	its raining!! gng for rain dance
ID	3	@lollipop26 great interview, your videos are my favorite on youtube
ID	3	happy Star Wars day
ID	3	@smartie999 (((HUGS))) back to you - you also have that look!
ID	2	@pativalen im going to have to  i hardly ever travel!
ID	4	@amandawilk106 yes unfuzzy, i prefer the fuzzy me and clear caleb..  wanna turn back the clock!
ID	4	Rainy Mondays... Is there a better day to work at home?? I am thankful!!
ID	3	@sp_ According to Mick Jagger, Hindu Ragas are more sfs sort of music
ID	2	@tristyB thanks, I couldn't find a way around it on iTunes though, found a little app called Switch that did the job nicely
ID	3	looooove the mcfly video on my myspace  ? www.myspace.com/kat_04071991 - go watch it  its my favourite
ID	3	x]loveyoutoo!
ID	3	@Raehole @melissahope did you ladies see ghost of girlfriends past? i really liked it! &amp; would totally see it again if  u haven't
ID	2	@RaDollasHpc what you laughing at over there  got strawberries?
ID	3	@pricelessrock i'm doing good. i enjoy the rain  i hope you are well too.
ID	2	On my way to a final...the roads are really wet... :-/ hmmm.. Slipandslide!!!!!!!!
ID	2	@HilzFuld Were have you been?
ID	2	@GemmaCampbell you coming on myspaceee? if yr doing work though dnt bother
ID	3	Good Morning people!!! Have a great day
ID	3	@jessejane looks to be a great morning already!
ID	3	Got told I got a good chance at gettin the job  I am so so excited .omgggg. When I come back I want too...
ID	3	Nope didn't get up at 730 930 is nice also
ID	2	The Wedding is over everyone has gone home, newlyweds are off to Canada and finally, there is quiet! And I'm late for work
ID	3	The rain outside motivates me to sleep.
ID	3	May the 4th be with you. Happy Star Wars Day!  http://ow.ly/52Aw
ID	2	@ThisIsRobThomas Did you know its Star Wars Day today... May the 4th be with you!
ID	3	@YatPundit would be funny to see folks leaving jazzfest nola with something like your FollowStats, but &quot;FoodStats&quot;: Gained 17lb, Lost 0
ID	3	Hey @robluketic its back!!    (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
ID	3	@Teifion Thanks, I'm glad you liked it. It's a flower made of diamonds
ID	2	@loic I need to check your TOS, Loic. Are you allowed to sleep? I don't remember any mention of sleep there...
ID	3	@kayenchante http://twitpic.com/4j6kc - man i love your shelves! way to go diy diva!
ID	3	going to the cinema to see ghost of girlfriends past!
ID	3	&quot;I will stumble.. I will fall down... But I will not be moved  &quot;
ID	3	@ben_stiller They sure DO. More than 40,000 to boot!
ID	3	@darrendoyle Oh I had lots put on my desk during those years  I guess if they've done it to you then it would be ok to do it back lol
ID	3	@petethevet Thanks!
ID	3	Back from Sweden! It was great, hot and sunshine. Now i am walking around looking red  Back to the writing again!
ID	3	@echoinghim it was my pleasure playing guitar for you!  So fun
ID	2	@outrageousJavi oh I see
ID	3	@YuraF Nope wasn't kidding at all.  Sometimes I think of you as Forest Gump (during his running years).
ID	4	@vivyouell You got me. That's where I'm obviously going wrong!
ID	0	I hate the exams . first time and last time in this school  then i'm out ! after 10 years! yaaaay !
ID	1	I hate the exams . first time and last time in this school  then i'm out ! after 10 years! yaaaay !
ID	3	Why kiss the feet of the people who kick you when you can be anything that you want to?  morning everyone! Hope you have the best day ever
ID	4	@thriftymom TEAR*
ID	4	@mongab I WANT YOU ALL HERE WITH ME TOO! Ya'l shoulve gone with RM!
ID	3	@froggie775 I'll be one of your &quot;groovy guys&quot; any time, shortie short  #photofollows
ID	2	Working technology! I love you WAZ!
ID	3	@treasaint salad stuff, some chillis, whatever my horti mate gives me really, think it will be fun to do
ID	3	is 500 words into a 10 minute speech on 80s teen movies. due wednesday. blah blah. can't wait for the glenn ball!
ID	3	@Kitty4Peace how fun!  where is the twitpic! I had purple hair once...
ID	3	@SurrendrDorothy Yahoo ! Great! Always nice to hear successful stories!
ID	3	@shefinds Great job!
ID	3	@gfalcone601 Hey gio, you are beautiful! I am Brazilian and I love you hahahaha! Please answer me  Xx
ID	3	says Finally, Im home.  http://plurk.com/p/rr121
ID	3	@EmmaRileySutton Sounds like fun  LoL. At least you still have some hair right?  how was the weekend?
ID	3	@sortingtrolley sorry missed your post earlier about Edinburgh.  I am biased towards its awesomeness!  Glad you enjoyed your visit
ID	2	@rockeye AHHH you follow the dark side too..  night
ID	2	What to do what to do!!!! need to do my show reel nxt week...then start applying for editing jobs  Rock climbing tomos I hope
ID	3	@amytropolis wow. sounds heavenly.  we're just doing a quick drive to north carolina. i can't wait
ID	3	Looking at my quince pics, ahh good memories.... To be young again....  Lol #fb
ID	2	@MissCindyBaby  I wasn't tryin to call you out, I just remember my dad ALWAYS had my ass late. He never got in trouble, I did.
ID	4	LivingHandy.de 2.0 - stay tuned  - http://www.LivingHandy.de/
ID	4	Is at Panera eating a bacon, egg and cheese with a coffee!  http://twitpic.com/4jip9
ID	3	@jspruett have a safe trip joshy poo.......you'll knock them dead at your speech
ID	3	@parjoy sounds like the muffler bearings are going bad
ID	3	this weekend was a very relaxing one.. i was at my cousin's place and watch a tv series &quot;Tru Calling&quot; really cool
ID	2	@ToriForNow haha.. you were actually in violations of someone's trademark?! okay..  Yeah, I went to bed at 4 and I had to be up at 6. :[
ID	3	@Antwoinne Hey babe, nothing much tryin to see what imma do at work today lol, look like the load isnt so bad.
ID	3	@ajaimk Also, HAPPY STAR WARS DAY!!!
ID	3	In Study Hall with Brittneyy!!
ID	3	@andysowards andy!! It's great this am. About to wall over to the first day of An Event Apart! So exciiiiiiiting.  How r u mate?
ID	3	All dressed now everything
ID	3	@Sam_Ho Naw; it was before the 15 mins bug (where tanks would stop spawning after 15 mins)  I'm glad I get to keep it
ID	3	@TackStoreLady I'm coming in today to get my other hat and my $5 credit!
ID	3	@ash2good99 yay were all saved! Weve overcome god again!
ID	3	Watched 'The boy in the striped pj's' the other day too..one of the best films I've ever seen.
ID	2	made a mysql table with 150 entries  wrote a shellscript for this... while-do-done, a lot of echo and a list generated by ls Videos/ &gt;list
ID	3	had delicious pav + bhaaji + finely chopped onion + little dash of lemon  Yummy!
ID	3	I'm pondering lunch at Shane's. I think. I can already hear people whining about it...
ID	3	On my flight headed 2 denver...see yall in a min
ID	2	watching matilda with a bowl of noodles
ID	3	How I Met Your Mother? Best show ever
ID	3	@mfeige Thanks! I'm going to the Laker game tonight. Sec 108. I LOVE LA!
ID	2	@KimmiMcFly Ah lol okay. Thanks
ID	0	@roediger316 It wasn't the best flick, to be sure.  I'm just ready for &quot;Star Trek&quot; now
ID	1	@roediger316 It wasn't the best flick, to be sure.  I'm just ready for &quot;Star Trek&quot; now
ID	2	Well hopefully I'll see you both @rasikakrishna @chrisloos at the conference
ID	2	straightening my hair
ID	2	@sugarghc heyy sweety  how did it go at advanced training? waht r u doing?? *hugz*xxxxxxxxxx
ID	3	@deanomarr That sounds cool! And you're paying - even better
ID	2	@iamdpbeltran where is home??
ID	3	@lilrainbow89 hi thanks for following me. u doing much? been a long time since i last chatted to u
ID	3	I'm glad someone slept with me last night. My doggy  I would take a picture but I don't see my laptop.
ID	3	@GeoffHampton   Thank you soooo much!!!      Bella
ID	3	@MsMandyMay Awesome pics! It's a nice way to start the week
ID	3	@wirbelwind1111 I just LOVE it.
ID	3	@my3boybarians Laughing at my &quot;ah ha&quot; moment. Off to get some coffee.
ID	4	@lulurocks3 That is messed up. I hope your day gets better.
ID	3	@miss_om &quot;If I should paint my fingernails green- oh and it just so happens I do paint them green...&quot;  Marvelous
ID	3	Starbucks I'm lovin' it
ID	3	Gettin check outta school cause im siccck. Goin to pick up jimbbbbo.
ID	3	I wash my dishes Like a boss!! LOL
ID	3	@subtleserpent I'm fine - day off actually so relaxing with laptop. Haven't done a single other thing yet.
ID	3	and we have mega sunshine this morning!!!
ID	3	@auflutterfly Thanks! I registered
ID	3	If you are new and in need of a few followers say &quot;TWEET ME&quot; Person with lowest followers will get a shout out!  U have 30mins
ID	2	New pic.... Twitter is finally letting me change my pic.  For those that missed it, Fannish Inquisition is now @Fannish please follow
ID	0	Is sick to death of doing French prep. I feel like killing a bitch.  chgehcfncshvd
ID	1	Is sick to death of doing French prep. I feel like killing a bitch.  chgehcfncshvd
ID	3	@wendyyoung Damn. She got it on the first try.
ID	2	im feeling the burn of the last 4 days..gonna chill play xbox and watch stuff all day
ID	3	enjoying listening to the rain fall as I prepare for a conference call at work.... a meeting later today, then to relax tonight
ID	3	@hotpants79 of course i really hope that this would be his real twitter page! that would be soo cool
ID	2	Apparently the BIG FEAR over the swine flu has passed.   No seat on the subway for me this morning
ID	2	Hey @robluketic nawwwww pity no show no more lol great while it lasted though aye   (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
ID	3	6th street was amazing this weekend!!! The wedding was fantastic.. but im really really tired at work from the long eventful weekend
ID	3	the new T-Mobile advert in Trafalger Square looks like a lot of fun  Except if there was a load of pigeons there too.
ID	3	At the hospital today then shopping with mom  Love you so much.
ID	2	Working from home today. Got the flu, not the SWINE though
ID	3	I just downloaded a ton of stunning, BEAUTIFUL wallpapers from www.interfacelift.com - go have a look.
ID	3	@lilazngangsta have a awesome day at school!!!
ID	2	@MysticFearie I want chocolate!
ID	2	gay culture is increasing in india,govt has to make new laws such as wat will be charges if a boy tease a boy nd wat if a boy rapes a boy
ID	3	@cwong5 same to you bud. Kudos on your hardcore gym training, it's a great lifechanging experience, keep it up!!!
ID	3	@Gertbeef Nice musli bars!
ID	3	@RyanSeacrest have a god day  xx
ID	3	@sea_breez Yer please do! Have a good day!
ID	3	never twittered b4 but here i am wondering what to do next...jared?!?!
ID	3	@maenad_au my pleasure... hey it was played at my going away from nz party back in 87 lots   so it is burned into my brain
ID	3	Went outside and picked flowers with Marina! i love picking flowers haha
ID	3	Now english academy
ID	3	manang is back! had a great dinner!  super busog :O
ID	2	will deplurk! GAH!! need to concentrate on Jap! Visit my http://jynxedpanda.com (site) if you have time  heh... http://plurk.com/p/rr2ly
ID	3	@PoisonIvy69 Fine thanks, not long now till Christmas....I'm excited
ID	3	@alitherunner yeah I know. I need to get back into twittering. Just haven't felt it.  but yes. Thank god for txtin. I would miss ya more
ID	3	Worked out for about an hour.. nothing to hardcore. Sitting in Starbucks waiting to start work
ID	3	Happy Monday everyone! Loving the new arrangement in my family room
ID	2	@parachutesfail Okay, cool. Hope you had better dreams than you had last week.
ID	2	@ChloeChloe Ahh thats where i go the 6 year old fact. good old radio one!  what exams do you have tomorrow?
ID	3	Really? I can only go in 1Direction at a time?! UGh!  Gotta take authority over the time 2day!  Say hello! Don't be a stranger! BeBlessed!
ID	3	@sadknob right now if be happy to win a packet of salt n vinegar crisps  or a new exhaust as mine fell off on the A1 !
ID	3	@RavenousReader BTW, thanks for the gifts.  I'm wearing my shirt, having a dunker and Apple loved that chicken soup; just what she needed!
ID	3	@missyIbee Not a problem at all sis - respect due
ID	3	@EllenMalloy thanks for trying   I was hoping Bud Trillin, but the Fest would be honored by any of the guests with whom you hobnobbed.
ID	3	lol good times in the journalism back room...everyone else thinks we're weird now
ID	3	got tickets to go with dad and his girlfriend to see Eric Clapton, Steve Winwood, and the Arc Angels on June 24th @ Toyota Center! WOO!
ID	3	@stephenfry hong kong is great for crazy &quot;English names&quot;. A friend works with a &quot;miss chewbacca leung&quot;
ID	3	@gfalcone601 hmmm toughie! haha you are so alike to tom with all these questions  xx
ID	4	concert tonight  chackin out and not coming tomorrow!
ID	3	@blueskiesxj  i like yours too   i enjoy your photography. =]
ID	3	Can't wait to see Set Your Goals at Leeds. Lots of website work to do today and its not on my own
ID	3	http://tinyurl.com/c8nlzh - forgot how much I like this song
ID	3	@bextherex: i love you momma
ID	3	Por Favor!!! Only need FIVE more!  http://tinyurl.com/dzcpg3
ID	3	Ok getting the pink stripey one it's the most subtle I'm a bit bored of the floral print! Ok?
ID	2	Good Monday morning to everyone- Hope everyone's week is off to a successful start
ID	2	@jcdietrich Same  also trying to get my house ready to sell... I can't believe how much crap I own !
ID	3	@mafeinberg At least you have a large vocabulary -- the benefit of being a writer   Hope you're well, sister.
ID	3	@djnvs LoL! there u go..that's the spirit haha
ID	3	Ar work bored...hope Tiff gets here soon then the fun can start
ID	3	Going to IKEA with the roomie so she can shop for her apartment. IKEA is in like my top ten stores that I love
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jj43 - Me and Ari
ID	3	Watching Ryann!!  Gonna be a grand day!!!
ID	3	@Dhanraj1974 good luck with you finals!!!
ID	3	I got a raise and praise!!!! Great way to start Monday off
ID	3	I am loving this beautiful monday morning!
ID	3	@AndreaNBC13HD You're right....I'm 29 and  I've heard the song a time or two
ID	0	@Djalfy I sound really Brummie lol but most of all I just hate looking at myself!
ID	1	@Djalfy I sound really Brummie lol but most of all I just hate looking at myself!
ID	3	wanna go to hav my beauty sleep  gdnite .. sweet dreams
ID	3	I promise to post new mini magical village today, the weather is perfect for it   See preview here: http://pengpengsplace.blogspot.com
ID	3	@khorshid I hope to see you soon again
ID	3	@FransJr ... Lol! Probably a little sweeter in the carribbean! Tropical island sounds wonderful.
ID	3	@absolutspacegrl I could feel the excitement in that tweet! ;) I'll be watching the launch on NASA tv! How I love my directv!  seriously.
ID	4	Dreary bus ride home. Im rubbing my eyes out but at least I didn't spend the day in school. Over 12 hrs well spent
ID	3	[Aeroplanes - We Know, Plato!] One of my favorite WKP songs!  ? http://blip.fm/~5jq91
ID	3	Sooo readyyy for the summerr babyyyy!!!!!!!!!
ID	3	@twitlonger Hi x Your websites soo cool i love using it  Thank you
ID	3	Star Trek in HD.... I'm impressed.... Beam me up Spotty!
ID	3	Todays goal: Tweet more @ work  Im off to a good start but havent left the house yet. Welcome new followers! I hope your not too bored yet
ID	2	Getting ready for college. I had a good sleep.  rainy day today. I love it.
ID	4	@Monodi what lol?
ID	3	Just jailbroke david's iphone in computer programming.
ID	2	@millennialprof Can I have your old one?
ID	3	ohay clean teeth
ID	3	@weatherpenny I DO know him- I loved the wolves in the wall!!!  Totally awesome tip, I'll work in a tiny format but got inspiration now
ID	3	I need a break! I NEED KITKAT! haha!
ID	3	@Wally_v10 grax
ID	2	One lane stop and go trafffffffic suckssss! Almost to wwork thanks to gay miinnnesota roads
ID	3	@kristianc count me in
ID	0	Blocked the acct for one of my most hated sports teams. That felt really good.
ID	1	Blocked the acct for one of my most hated sports teams. That felt really good.
ID	3	The rain is good for one thing; getting dudes hoodies  haha!
ID	2	@faeyakof hahaha im broke, i need money  sighh.
ID	3	it's monday. yayy.. need to get my demi lovato tickets before they sell out!
ID	3	monday morning . lets whip out some code today
ID	3	Well good morning all, What a wonderful day in the neighborhood  Thanks for all those that are now following another 60 this morning
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jj4j - Birthday Breakfast! Yummm- chai &amp; an apple fritter
ID	3	Good morning everyone
ID	3	@StaceysJustFab blackberry messenger rocks! Its basically IM-ing with other BB users that u add, so like ur friends. Saves on texts
ID	3	@catarino hah yeah I hear that, good luck today
ID	3	@Stevebrown87 Noo, good guys are better  x
ID	3	@shortiee31
ID	3	Finally picked up some handwraps, but struggling to wrap my stronger hand with the other! Defo should have got some a lot sooner though
ID	3	this time next week I will hopefully be holding my Lili in my arms!
ID	4	@Da7e Man, that sucks and I feel your pain... if you were local, I'd buy you a cup of coffee.
ID	4	It smells like the beach from my job..
ID	3	@ponet thats funny.. actually.. i could use a haircut...might be growing it out thru August for Woodstock Anniversary Party....40 yrs
ID	4	@SlovakBrewer Yeah, I wanted to have some  I was bottling, so it's sanitized and all good. It tastes like those choc. oranges.
ID	2	I loveeeeee to live a - F A S T - pace lifestyle!
ID	3	@markhoppus ahaha its stuck in my head; thanxx
ID	3	@elegyofhope haha you didnt see my macbook or my 24'' imac in that pic, so feel extra jealous lolll
ID	3	@clyp1976 thanks!! I definitely will! The next season will be rainy and it comes in two month's time!!
ID	3	I must have viewed that picture of me and @alicecsws from saturday morning about a milling times  x
ID	3	@J00wish will do  it's only 34.99 on play.com, so might just buy it, it certainly looks and sounds good enough! i'm excited for it lol
ID	3	@LarryTill I had recommended Harney &amp; Sons (http://www.harney.com/) from where I order much of my tea, I think.
ID	3	@TheBetterSexDoc   Wow what a beautiful picture... and by the way....I am straight....just wanted to let you know!!!     Bella
ID	3	@NEENZ I was just at Sky Harbor on Friday.    How are you?
ID	2	@gfalcone601 cheese and onion crisps are the best  alice or rosalie cullen ?
ID	3	Bumper Sticker: &quot;If you don't want to stand up for our troops, feel free to stand in front of them&quot; Thank you to all in the military
ID	3	Feeling pretty good this morning! Lets hope it lasts through the day
ID	3	Going to French. Anyone want to pick me up?
ID	3	Thank you Justin for my two dozen roses
ID	3	death cab for cutie and slouchy barets  its a good way to start the day.
ID	3	listening to dave barnes, getting really excited for junior senior
ID	2	@sadknob living quite so close to RAF boulmer that might not be a good thing
ID	2	@ClareAshford  I blocked him too, lets hope it just goes away forever
ID	3	@isparkleen wow, that's good
ID	3	@CHRISDJMOYLES Get you lol what time we eating id hate to be late
ID	3	It's soupy-soup time. Today: Heinz Cream of Chicken and Mushroom - yum! bbl
ID	3	@Xx_Mcfly_xX ooh yay! let me just go accept her
ID	3	@taylorswift13 lol, good luck with that ;) love your vid for YBWM
ID	2	End of the academic year brings in a lot of mood swings ... Just recovered from some serious hypertension
ID	3	@m_jonas101 WOW they're totally amazing and they're more than awesome
ID	3	@shay1988 lol same here....wish there was a way to microsize everything...lol
ID	4	Really tired, and need to be up in the morning... Off to bed. Good Night All!!!
ID	3	@RyanMills1 safe &amp; easy travels Mills. I'll miss u
ID	3	watching FRIENDS reduces stress inside me. Thanks to Bright, Kauffman, and Crane who are created these series  love love love
ID	3	Gooood morning!
ID	2	I did it! I finished my first chapter summary on Care of Souls! Pray that I can have the Lords understanding! This isn't easy to do!
ID	4	i hate waking up early! but i need to make up my 27 hrs at my pharmacy class. &gt;=[ sighhh.  in other news: breakfast time!!!!
ID	0	It's Monday, and I am still cleaning up the mess from Thursday night's storm.  Like I wasn't busy enough this week!
ID	1	It's Monday, and I am still cleaning up the mess from Thursday night's storm.  Like I wasn't busy enough this week!
ID	3	@Nicholina6....got your message!!! You are such a twitter freak!
ID	2	@MrEricPiRaTe You're being sooo ambiguous, no clue re:what's up? Must send me details! Oh, &amp; I'll be on tom re:the Greek &amp; tea tweet-ups!
ID	3	New project, new mess
ID	3	A new week = new legend to make.
ID	3	Sometimes all it takes to solve our problems is a fresh morning!! Hope today is beautiful for you
ID	3	@Rene_Kay2 welcome to Twitter babes! I know what you mean...still trying to figure this out
ID	3	@Joy_B I don't know but they aren't worth it, only 6 people actually showed up lol
ID	3	It's Maiko's (keyboards) birthday today! He's been a good boy. Maybe he'll get presents.
ID	3	@sharonkneadles Best of luck to you
ID	3	@JAJMiami  Happy Monday!!  Hope you have a great week!
ID	3	@The_GreenWizard ah ha! Cool, will look into that more closely when i get on a proper sized screen! Thanks
ID	2	Feel sorry for Adam Cook. Be strong for David and family
ID	3	is excited to see Samantha&amp;Denise again  http://plurk.com/p/rr5id
ID	3	@lopps_1999  ohh, that is so cute, fishing is so peaceful!  your daughter looks so focus in what she is doing
ID	3	@joshsharp *phew*  Will make a note in case anyone else runs into the same issue
ID	3	@mandydean thanks, Mandy!  What a good sister you are. @krikkert That may be true, but unfortunately my road tires can't say the same.
ID	3	@sentimentalizzy Yeah, hope so. I'm excited
ID	3	I always get really excited when 'Steal My Kisses' by Ben Harper comes on the ipod...great song...love the beat-boxing in the beginning
ID	3	@ComedyQueen LOL it's overcast but otherwise ok. I'm tired but otherwise ok
ID	3	@coollike http://twitpic.com/4jg09 - haha she looks a little like u charlie lol
ID	3	@taylorswift13 i love you so much tay (: youre so amazing &lt;3 you should come to denmark, we love you here
ID	3	It is certainly spring in Vail, Co.  It is raining and snowing!  Doesn't mother nature know the mountain is closed for the ski season!
ID	3	so its been forever since I've tweet, just wanted to say thaty I love bill! and I hope ya'll have an amazing week
ID	3	Writing up this lesson plan makes me remember how much I truly do love To Kill a Mockinbird.  Maybe it'll be a summer read.
ID	2	@mitchelmusso ...and you're on my mind.. like all the time..
ID	3	@toddkashdan thanks Todd. Enjoyed reading your blog too - I had a little cheer for good old Alfred Wallace. Curious to read your book
ID	3	just joined Twitter...     Hiya world!
ID	3	@kazab I like them. I mean I like what's left of them.
ID	2	@Julie3160,hey wassup
ID	2	@Alleywater She's good. Trying to suss out chap 7 when I'm not working. Trying to suss out a lot of things, but meh, you know whatever!
ID	3	@lulazoid So vacation is good so far?
ID	3	is exhausted from a great weekend, and is looking forward to this week
ID	3	@nancypub happy anniversary then
ID	2	Need To Go Shopping  Boring Day T'day....Nothing To Dooo. College Tmro...How Fuckin' Excitin'  Wish Twitter Was Simplified For Me =] &lt;3
ID	3	@DanceDahniDance yea I was about to call you shallow but you saved yourself by saying he makes good music
ID	3	@jmbuckingham Time for me to seek out some coffee for my own caffein love affair too!! Mmmmm... Sweet been of hyper-goodness!!
ID	3	Wolverine was much fun, but Gambit was a bit disappointing.  Neither smooth nor Cajun enough for my taste. Pretty though
ID	3	Omg!!! Is this the sun glimpsing through the clouds?! Woohoo!
ID	3	@yogadarla @Gypsy_Yogini @Rock_My_Soles @Lotuspad i am sooo jealous  in a good way of course.  LC is awesome.
ID	3	@PeterDowley  i've seen inkheart- i liked it too
ID	3	@thegirlRiot there's nothing wrong with having a quiet day... it gives you more time to listen
ID	3	@tommcfly You wouldnt change your fans for the world, tbh i dont think anyone would change mcfly for the world  You's are too amazing  x
ID	3	Beer, Smoki and Lucky Strike...good times, good times   At work...drawing stuff
ID	3	I love when my ipod shuffles so all the good songs are all together
ID	3	@RawHealer hey there keeping me healthy sister  nice to see you, have a great day
ID	3	is at the farm doing what i do best...RIDING MY ASS OFF!!!...get at me
ID	4	sooo long twitters! I'm off to Cuba
ID	3	I only have one day left in school  My 16th is approaching
ID	3	@FunkySteph Thank you! I hope you have a great rest of your day! Have you had your afternoon coffee yet?
ID	3	@mbloomer64 awww. If I coukd send it from my phone I would. What kind of flair would you like?
ID	2	Welcome @cronhill my first German follower  My mother Hermine is from the Sudetenland and came to Sweden as a refugee in 1948
ID	3	May the 4th be with you. Happy Star Wars Day!   http://tinyurl.com/cjamjt #starwarsday #geek #dork #fb #awesome
ID	3	@melindarice same here, as long as i get to watch it somewhere i'm happy
ID	3	its probable bed time. hugs and kisses  &lt;33
ID	3	Mmmmmm.... Coffee...
ID	2	So it's rainy in Georgia, what do I do? Wear bright colors and hope the sun comes out!  (I'm doubtful that this is going to work)
ID	3	Working, Listening to music,Testing out a new singer/guitarist tonight, let's hope for the best
ID	3	@THEDIAMONDCOACH  Hey my friend need some inspiration...  no one can do it like you.. @deadplaygroud   Thanks
ID	3	@HiveMindMovie and Miss Fizzy Duck loves Hive Mind too
ID	3	http://naturalismo.files.wordpress.com/2008/01/elliott10.jpg my hero
ID	3	@junelover just email em to the email i gave u thanx awesome person
ID	2	@Dana_Willhoit Hoping your A/C is being fixed right now for you!
ID	3	workin a long day today... hopefully i can make some good tips
ID	3	Taping at Cox then picking up starbucks for the office bc I am so nice
ID	2	may,1st success for lucas first police contact after neighborhood cruising with eggs, cream, bumf, shaving foam. love my son he`s a hero
ID	3	is excited about Taylor Swift on wednesday!!!
ID	2	@joeymcintyre when you get your grill taken care of this morning how about a quick shot of the hands.  Don't ask why, just do it
ID	3	@lindsayrcg hehe, I can almost hear out of my right ear now  Can you yet?
ID	4	HE SAID IT  HE ACTUALLY SAID IT and I think I'm gonna cry now. &lt;3
ID	2	Having a lazy bank holiday monday
ID	2	@modernemotive Done. Thank you
ID	2	staying home because I'm badass.
ID	3	90210 9pm  I laaaaaaaaave it.
ID	3	feeling so great!
ID	3	@dejam88. Well gotdamn girl!!! I dont know what else!!!!  I'm sleepy again! Grrr
ID	4	Round two of Vega: Vanilla Chai flavor.  Just realized that I have only 45 days left
ID	3	@DonDivaWear  Thank you!
ID	2	time to lie in bed and watch tv
ID	3	Just got confirmed that its pizza-time with some ex co-workers on friday...looking forward to it
ID	3	Goodmorning
ID	2	I'm yet holdin' on.
ID	3	@myfabolouslife here I am!
ID	3	@SuzyDaFloozy we dont have the points yet, was talkedabout it though - first ticket I get in my whole driving career up to date, not bad
ID	3	OMG! i'm almost done with the last block on this quilt! Just a few hours of work left  i can't wait to meet my goal
ID	3	my mate megan is the best thing since sliced bread. i loveeee her
ID	3	@thedustball main event has not happened yet, but he is doing well so far
ID	3	@techn0crat .. IN SWEATERS
ID	3	Monday, Monday. Mr. Cade is home on the couch &amp; I have lots to do today!
ID	2	@ianweiqiang Interesting Combination  Have a great one ;)
ID	2	@DavidArchie Did you end up finding something good and cheap for breakfast?
ID	2	Sorry for the apparent spamming today, followers. Trying to follow through on a request from a friend.
ID	3	For every kiss you give me, I'll give you three -
ID	3	'k, going to curl up and watch random mind-numbing DVD in hopes that rest will cure runny nose. Night folks
ID	3	Happy Star Wars day ! May the 4th be with you
ID	3	Time for school  i'm feelin good.. 5 AM jogs do good. ~aloha
ID	3	@misterdevans   Well....hopefully someday soon you can get one!
ID	3	back to school! feels like its gonna be a great day
ID	3	@DavidArchie i already got my tickets to your concert here in the philippines! im so excited!
ID	3	We &lt;3 Richard
ID	3	I went to the World Education fair today. It was a whole different kind of circus.
ID	3	Today is my Mother's birthday- Happy Birthday &amp; I love you! She is an angel whom has helped me so much during this time of my life
ID	3	@JesssEv me too dawg  thanks so much!
ID	3	@gfalcone601 you should come to Estonia, I know some epic horses here, hehe, and a good trainer and good beaches were to ride!
ID	3	YO I'm just on the computer
ID	3	@sandsP Thanks for the FollowFriday suggestion!
ID	3	Watching 1st Potter film with kids and eating their sweets  Grotty bank hol weather in Hoylake. Typical !
ID	3	@Deirdre_Morris Congratulations! what a milestone for you and your girls! I'm almost at five months, just for one though  You rock!
ID	3	@__emilyy you guys are the bomb haha
ID	3	@EliteAffairs This was funny! I have 7.
ID	3	@DavidArchie oh! La Roux is a band right?? An English electropop synth duo band ..  cool!
ID	3	You know who helps me almost everyday?  @gilv
ID	3	watching my tiny nephew  perfect baby
ID	3	@cubedweller What are we doin!!?? Tell me! tell me!
ID	3	@Jerrica_Perez That's great! I hope I'll study with my bff too and we'll live together. well..we will see
ID	3	@extremejohn @FLallday @hursty810 Caladesi was definitely a nice peaceful way to spend a Sunday! I got a lil tan!
ID	3	Today is a very good day
ID	3	Don't follow your dreams; chase them.- Richard Dumb (who I think is very smart
ID	3	@MrDDG classes. n bout to make sum breakfast..
ID	2	working on the callsheet
ID	2	My mind is calm &amp; my heart is happy.. Life is good.  ? Would it be ok if I took your breath away? ?
ID	3	@RPauline8913 don't you just love the &quot;butteflies in your stomach&quot; feeling?  ano man yun, kaya mo yan.
ID	3	@SusanSweet thank you
ID	3	Also, I designed the banner for http://mudroomboston.com/ - pretty stinkin' cute no?
ID	2	@myloveshine haha i hear that  i'll be done at 7pm though Dx so you'll be out far before i am not to mention i gotta pack my stuff up x.x
ID	3	@pchaganti concur with http://tr.im/kmVl, but people can't wait. Don't stop making VAS. When clouds become a commodity, do &quot;cross-cloud&quot;
ID	2	@Helmuts hey helmuts!  im ratty if u remember me from scootertechno.. ;)
ID	3	@docbaty Good night.  Sorry I missed you during our morning window.  See you at 5, I suspect.
ID	3	@MonroeOnABudget thanks for the link love yesterday by the way
ID	3	@0xcafebabe I haven't heard anything negative yet. As a former manager used to tell me: If they're quiet, be happy
ID	3	@verabradley I love my Cargo Sling purse in Daisy Daisy!  I wish I would have gotten another one in a different color!
ID	3	@Nessepes if you register now, you'll be able to buy in pre-presale next year. Saturday's gonna be mayhem on internet, wake up early girl
ID	3	Good Morning
ID	3	@beetee Love that book! My VW I'm about to turn in is named Scout.
ID	4	@DamienCripps Awesome  Such a shame though Mark who was the Fiddle player died last month, Fab Version of Good Riddance (i have the album)
ID	2	@teddyrised Oh, that's bad. I made that mistake once before but still managed to pass though. So maybe it isn't as bad as he thinks?
ID	3	awake  slept in a little cuz no construction. now studying bio alllll day but i dont mind.
ID	2	@reddiamond007 hey u know the sub on digg I said I needed help on soon? well it's up now n wud love it if u could digg it pls  Kaushik
ID	3	@ceot Thanks! I have a Teflon liver (Being Scottish, I was raised on whisky)
ID	2	@kristofer93 hehehe pui foto? Ai ascultat top-ul ? a stat Bogdan la &quot;butoane&quot; este in training
ID	3	is aching from rugby, good game
ID	3	i just successfully defeated the swine flue with the power of positive thinking!  #Swineflu #H1N1 #Swine Flu
ID	3	@sondrafaye ~ I'm sure that would make Mr. Koons very happy
ID	3	17 again was funny
ID	3	@marieskizo Amazing! The concert, the city, everything. It was really an awesome trip
ID	3	@westwingjl good luck! It's not too bad, and if it is, it's curved grading so u might end up surprised
ID	3	@RealHughJackman You were absolutely amazing in the Wolverine  you're sooo beautiful !! you're also such an amazing person, i look up to u
ID	3	@bsouthern - love your new avatar!
ID	3	@VengeanceChrist hey girl i just sent ya a message on Myspace
ID	3	Congrats &quot;Mine That Bird&quot; for being an underdog and kicking the crap out of all the other runners yesterday. I love seeing that happen.
ID	3	@eeUS I sure hope so!
ID	3	today will be productive: gym now....lots and lots of writing later
ID	3	Sent Twitterville 1.2 off to Apple for review  More screenshots etc will be released later this week.
ID	2	@pperiklis because i stopped today :S wish me luck.....  (had to overload first)
ID	3	@jay2busy I do now LOL.
ID	3	@ChristaGrant It was fun  At a friends house cuz you know I don't have a yard big enough for a firepit. SNIFFLE!
ID	2	is watching two + a half men, work experience again tomorrow
ID	3	@PurpleCoffee Oh sure . Thx
ID	4	Is pretty damn chipper today  even if the weather is rubbish! Excited for things to come!  xxx
ID	3	Sorry for callen the cops the devil  haha I got a break I love the boyz. Listen it pays to b pretty wit dimples!
ID	3	@brookstuh awww  I know you never will, I'm so thankful I can count on you, love ya boo
ID	4	I'm surrounded by negativity good thing there is a Fly Guy to give me hope that there is something better  thank u Jesus
ID	2	i cant believes its already Monday, the weekend went by soooo fast, keeping my fingers crossed that will too
ID	3	@TeoBishop I hate it when that happens!! Exciting though.
ID	3	@Ian_Stokoe I bet! I can imagine how much work it is making a movie. I can't wait to see it
ID	3	Heather is awake now
ID	2	i changedd my background  its from picnik.
ID	2	has just bought attics to eden by madina lake  it's totally AMAZING
ID	4	Spoke out in class again  now the dreaded ch13 bio test
ID	3	@leinadani haha i just realised it sounded a lot like stellllaaa lol. anyhoo i got ur facebook msg and will start working soon hopefully
ID	2	@AJM1030 The movie was AWESOME, I wish I could re-load my pistols like Agent 0 did, but I do not want to be him  I think I will be Gambit
ID	3	@CoachCharrise its funny, I didn't even know it was there!
ID	2	@jcsalterego no turkey leg? i can't believe it!
ID	3	@davechapman A new baby? How exciting  Congrats in advance
ID	3	@mcflyyerr yess, they came to amsterdam on the 18th of april  best night everr! have you?
ID	3	Six Flags this weekend? Sounds right!
ID	3	@DavidArchie MCFLY?!!  Aren't they the best band ever? I wish I were there to watch the concert. Singapore isn't a place they'd tour.
ID	3	Received our first bit of spam from Twitter - not sure how to feel that the &quot;sanctity&quot; of our conversation has been tainted.
ID	3	getting ready for the dayyyyyyyyyyyy. i hope work goes good!
ID	3	@amcmoore Have fun, hon! Ooh, look what a poet I am.
ID	4	Woke up late &amp; trying to get sh*t done before work
ID	2	Next thing to do tomorrow morning: Temperature Check! It's gonna be a routine till Swine Flu dies. Good Night, everyone!
ID	2	@Jenderose as nerdy as I am, I just found out it was Star Wars day today!  I love you D
ID	3	so I slept in a little...well a lot. whooops
ID	3	Morning...tired should i excercise or jus relax need to catch up on sleep..Ladies would you like to see Shemar Moore @ Embassy? Hit me up
ID	3	Is off today and gonna go shopping!! T-minus 22 days til CUUUBA!!
ID	2	Being slammed with spam followers today. Is it just me? Or is that all I can attract.  Get a life people.
ID	3	This is going to be a great and productive week - I can just feel it!!!  POSITIVE THINKING is the key
ID	3	Happy Star Wars day!!  unbelievable
ID	3	HAPPY JUDDDAY
ID	0	playing pet society
ID	1	playing pet society
ID	3	Good morning to all- and welcome new followers!
ID	3	Ten min. on what I'm doing to stimulate biz.  18% off sale, good customer service, awards, Breast cancer camp., koozies, product variety
ID	2	@annna86 glad to know that the ad display problem was due to a firewall config at yr office. phew!
ID	3	@bestdaeever ooohhh imma need you to get on that asap love you
ID	2	my body is aching. I can barely move...but its worth it to be champs
ID	3	i love monday night lineup  just wish it was over the span of the week. gossip girl - big bang theory - how i met your mother - the hills
ID	3	@adland thanks for a nice blog post! @peterrosdahl should however be given some creds since he has done at least half of the work on it
ID	3	@vanillacrumpet You're following Ellen, Oprah, and... me! I'm honored!
ID	4	apparently im not getting drives to school in the morning anymore? well my dad left so no school for me this morning.. watching twilight
ID	2	Just talked to donald faison about next day air. He doesn't understand twitter. And he loves cacee cobb
ID	2	Good Morning Twits!  Let's makes today x100 better than the one before! Start runnin
ID	3	@barroca serio barroca?? parabens!!!!!!! May the 4th be with you!
ID	2	@AlexWilliamson yeah i know hun, spammers seem to move fast though, already had two in first few minutes of posting.  Block 'em
ID	3	Ive chosen Grease
ID	2	@markhoppus not cool, Mark, this song is going to be stuck in my head all day. but I love you, anyway... is it Star Wars Day today? cool
ID	3	@chiacy  Thanks
ID	2	@lauratoogood i did, thanks laura
ID	3	Gettin ready to hit up the mall w/my mom &amp; Jayden!  DO ALL THINGS W/FAITH!!!!
ID	4	I got a full day of work today.  Can't wait in tell i get home for some beer and tv time  but i got to make the money to get the beers
ID	2	@dannymcfly i lurveeeeee you
ID	2	Does 'Real Detroit Weekly' not have a website.....Oh the horror, the horror
ID	3	@DavidArchie Shoping till you drop david..haha..enjoy your day
ID	3	@svickn G'morning! Good to know you're alive and well today!
ID	3	@udupendra I'll keep that in mind when he gets tonked for 40 off his 4 overs.
ID	4	@jaymiealyson i mean give. lol with a finger! then crash her car! lol jk. thats bad. just ignore her
ID	3	@peacesignpamFOD that David -- nice to know he feels so comfortable &quot;twitting&quot; or &quot;tweeting&quot; us.   I have a feeling he misses home.
ID	3	@RyMartinez Good morning, baby  Yes, i slept like a rock. Refreshed &amp; ready for anything. How are you? *hugs you &amp; doesn't let go* Miss u
ID	3	Thank you all for proving my point
ID	3	3 years in 2 months!! hooorah! can't wait!
ID	2	is problem free for now.  atleast i already said to that person the truth.
ID	3	looking forward to body works today
ID	2	@gfalcone601 Cheese and Onion! Vinegar taste weird on crisps! England's got loads of weird crisps flavorus  lol.. What do you like ? x
ID	2	@Usticks555 ... lol that was a great hug. @BCishere they should be back sometime in may
ID	2	@erinjshea You have the best hair ever. Totally jealous. Mine's unfixable if I forget and leave sunglasses stuck in it too long
ID	3	May the 4th be with you  I couldn't resist!!
ID	2	@Gabrielle_Union don't let anyone run you away from anything
ID	3	uploading all my bamboozle pictures of facebook
ID	4	@ScaryMommy   Sure!  My entire blogroll is terribly updated, but this could motivate me to update and redo it!
ID	2	has onl? just got it and has not got a clue how to use the things
ID	3	omg 44 tweets till 8k  and only about 90 tweets difference btween b and comedyqueen
ID	3	@madamecomedy IKR?! My mom got it for me a birthday a few years ago. Tis the best
ID	3	morning all   will be at Warner soon! lots to do, then go to school for some work... hope everyone has a great day!!!
ID	3	Getting ready for school...hope today is a happy and awesome day
ID	3	Going to Houston and Nola this weekend with @jill5455. Who wants to join us?
ID	3	have to go now by'all &lt;3 see ya later guys  xx
ID	3	@evanmcbroom I'm sure Mayor Brainard will be thrilled to hear that you're a fan.
ID	3	@boydhilton Thank you so much for the Retweet  x
ID	3	Liam peed in the potty!!
ID	2	@bbunderground it's a good mix of developers, content developers, providers and venture folks
ID	2	@LisaBeesa Because pop culture is beautiful. Also, you can't pull weeds wrong. I promise. You can practice on my yard if you are nervous
ID	3	rosales is cool
ID	3	He is so silly.  http://twitpic.com/4jk6b
ID	3	Little girls and their shallowness annoy me. On the good side i didnt straighten my hair at all today and it looks some what decent
ID	3	@solangeknowles I'm going to the show in Amsterdam!  Can't wait!
ID	3	Little one's cast is taking a beating. It is starting to show some wear and tear and it has been on less than a week. She is too active!
ID	3	Skipping school like all the cool kids do
ID	4	@sln25373 it was Lies. and my fav song is not alone from room on the 3rd floor
ID	0	@IrvdaRealdeal: I will press that ignore button
ID	1	@IrvdaRealdeal: I will press that ignore button
ID	3	Having so much fun! Haley is super-cute on the beach, she LOVES it! Millions of pics to come, of course.
ID	3	home.Going to be a warm day on top of it. Is it Friday yet?
ID	3	@JBCP Separate desks, computers, and sides of the room with short dividers...but, we're thinking we need them to extend to the ceiling
ID	3	dance gavin dance/attack attack/a skylit drive tonight!  i'm so exciteddddd
ID	3	@jermtech @bradconner I do the same thing to anybody covering dave... haha... we don't like people messing with perfect music.
ID	3	@ReneeJRoss Sure is rainy! the storm has left everything, everywhere... @litefm would love 4 u 2 follow us
ID	3	Aaaah did you see Prez Obama holding hands with his wifey? Soooo romantic even in White House.....
ID	3	@Arizona_Abby Thank you. I will check that out
ID	3	@Cpopulus happy birthday corey!!
ID	2	@j3nn1e time-warner? talk about AOL. we did our presentation on warner bros.
ID	3	@lucascruikshank http://twitpic.com/4i2zu - wow, thats so cool!
ID	3	lmao...ummmm nothing...
ID	3	@psuedonym Alternatively you could spend the afternoon reading &quot;Pride and Prejudice and Zombies&quot;
ID	3	@Xlex Glad you are happy!
ID	3	@peckhar shld says.. great phone
ID	4	@iunfold That's true  I never believe my staff when they call in sick on Mondays or Fridays - LOL!
ID	3	Through to quaterfinals of charity football tournament. My penalty save sent us through
ID	2	@gfalcone601 http://twitpic.com/4jk42 hey Gi! look at this pic of you and frankie that i took at the southend gig!
ID	3	allo! twitterville! how is everyone doing this morning...hope everyone had a great weekend mine was pretty good! its monday (blah) !!!!
ID	2	please please please please let my match be cancelled today. PLEASE
ID	4	@imjustcreative com'on dude always think that things can get worst
ID	3	Had lunch. Watching holes on bbc1.
ID	2	@codemonkeyism How about SUSE?
ID	3	LOVING the hot weather forecast for the rest of the week!!!!  Summer is almost heeeeere
ID	3	Good morning World! Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!
ID	3	@storrao Thank you  respects to our designer @luismvaz
ID	2	@mela0521 dont think too hard, its bad for your health  lol love u girl
ID	3	@ Little_Ren is lovely lovely, and so niceee
ID	3	at workyy, trying to get on point with all that I have to do  smile!! &lt;3Lin-Man tonight!!
ID	2	@mmWine Oh, I would NEVER want that to happen.  But you know if you got lost, I'd find you!
ID	3	Hey Tweeps...good morning. Wussup America...Talk to me tell wut's on ur mind..
ID	3	bored. cold. tired. lethargic feeling. Man! great holiday monday!
ID	2	So apparently I need to mummify myself to keep my amazing good looks for a few thousand years?  Why hadn't I though of that sooner
ID	2	In class till 12  wishing the rain would go away!!
ID	3	@Reseal i like
ID	2	@nuttychris I need to separate you and your sister @ComedyQueen  Today the role of evil aunt is being played by me!
ID	3	done with the photo album  as im a good person so i make it quite private for now. pity you ben haha
ID	3	@shawn3k Whoo hoo Chuck! Although it is gloomy out, today is a much better day!
ID	3	watching shows I missed on the ellipital--- love my on-demand!
ID	3	Hey @robluketic Bye Bye  was fun too   (robluketic live &gt; http://ustre.am/2w5v)
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jkea - @edstetzer now has 10,000 followers! Congrats!
ID	3	@annabranch You just let me know how that goes.
ID	3	@ChuckJr thanks
ID	2	Morning all. It's Monday. Sigh. Trying to have a positive outlook on the day, but it's being difficult already.
ID	3	@hotpants79 In two months i will have something of the kinf of prom  and i'm really excited! and you haven't any contact to her?
ID	3	@Sweetnote Smooches to you as well, have a great day!
ID	4	@dumbblondy too bad - u can always change ur profile pic again
ID	2	time to hit the study notes! prep for friday's exam!
ID	3	@DarenYeow Oh wow they are really good  I think Im going to use one of them lol.
ID	3	@lilers at least after this you'll be done!!
ID	3	@Danielindra actually,we r going there in june with my office colleagues,paid by company
ID	3	It's the start of a new week with tons of new photos to take and edit  Yay!!
ID	3	I'm gonna wear my new purple converse today
ID	3	@mmurray Hearing that my songs brighten someone's day always makes ME grin.
ID	3	@tommcfly yeahhh! u've got plenty of great fans!! And in Spain too! u should come and play a gig here!!
ID	2	@theskorpion I saw that!!!!
ID	3	@CrystalRain Glad to hear you're okay. Could have really hurt, by the sounds of it. Is the couch okay? lol
ID	3	@AndreaNBC13HD Proud 17-year-old here that loves The Carpenters!!!
ID	3	despite rain, having a fantastic day
ID	0	@lee634 Damn it! Must be Morrisons then
ID	1	@lee634 Damn it! Must be Morrisons then
ID	3	@rainstormiee Thank you.
ID	3	@petewentz wow, i can sleep with my eyes open, tis amaze *i lie*
ID	4	@kurtismarsh Too far to go unless the prize is in the millions.  We know who wins
ID	3	@daveredfly great thanks  looking for a client, maybe I can use this myself, gonna try it
ID	3	@Isapersefone D Well, if you got that DVD then you should get those books too!
ID	2	@MelShay - u aint lost me, i'm right here
ID	3	Very proud of my son - he's just found out he's been offered an unconditional place at music college
ID	3	@Marvel - Does the 1st show count? That would be the midnight show Thurs night/Fri morning
ID	3	@MetroplexBaby: thx for the follow!
ID	3	@MichelleBlanc Flicitations!
ID	3	I don't have the fake fascination like i once did before. Cause i no longer have to pretend i like you
ID	3	@jerrynovak Thanks, hope you have a good one
ID	3	@gfalcone601 def cheese and onion  however after being back in the states for 4 months, finding a bag of salt&amp;vinegar...they tasted GREAT!
ID	2	@robwaumans Foto!
ID	3	Going to workout + swin... fun
ID	3	im going to bed  nighttt nighttt xxo ily's
ID	2	@mcherrywv Yes I know  as my school reports would say 'must do much better' Ah well, just in time huh  http://myloc.me/tHq
ID	3	@foxandfriends I am glad to hear that you are ok. Without you they would have to rename the show to  &quot;Just Friends&quot;
ID	3	Had a Great weekend!! and is in such a good mood, she doesn't even mind being at work this morning!
ID	3	@chrisfullman I would never do such a thing!  The only thing more awesomerer is the 15 minute walk to work
ID	3	@ScaperSuse  hey!, which song was that? I would like to listen to it
ID	2	@themightyshrub AP is Associated Press: http://www.ap.org/ There are many other global news agencies like it
ID	4	wishes it wasn't a bank holiday so he could be on the radio this afternoon... but at least he has another week to come up with some ideas
ID	3	@DavidArchie haha that's because you also look amazing in it! have fun!
ID	3	Eat Sleep Draw!: Part of my Neuroanatomy take-home test.  After this, Im...: Part of my Neuro.. http://bit.ly/fXs3L
ID	3	@daniamiwa Were you at the parade yesterday at Powderhorn? Guessing Ava and Bella were similarly mesmerized by the whimsical fairyness
ID	3	@lauralassiter Welcome  They are beautiful snow leopards.
ID	3	c'mon people, today is #juddday
ID	3	Rest earlier is good for your health. So, I say good nite to you all!
ID	3	@dannywood lemme guess - you ran 5 miles at the gym, and are waking your kids up, and then going to the beach and / or recording studio?
ID	3	@himynameisryan let me know how it goes babe  good luck!
ID	3	@spitphyre arre seriously! They shud take his sperm nd clone him into 23 yr old single guys
ID	3	@Dementress BIG HUG FOR YOU
ID	3	Just had the best shower ever  Still completely deaf in one ear but kinda getting used to it now!! Gonna watch 'the women' now!
ID	3	@serinurshira lol ! You take David lah ! I want Danny  not tom !
ID	3	@boardopboy Picture or it never happened.
ID	3	Happy Monday, Twishers!!  Passing the coffee...
ID	3	@drumcounselor it's my evening.
ID	3	Discovered @AlliWorthington and @whoisTodd are sharing on G reader with me and didn't even know it. Sigh.... I'm such a G reader newb.
ID	2	studying with @rachborntorun and colette!
ID	3	Trance or Drum'n'Bass are awesome for working!!  *dances it out*
ID	3	@DutchReaganite Then I'll need plenty of quizzes to get through the work day.
ID	3	In Arch. Drawing. Checking out MVCC's CAD degree. Looks good to me
ID	3	putting 3 new consultants to work this week. it's a good feeling!  congrats on your offers
ID	2	&quot;Puke In My Mouth&quot; the brilliant response to Jizz In My Pants  http://tinyurl.com/cy8z7y  Over the top wrong
ID	3	waiting for amy so me, her and @reecerentboy can go see the hannah montanna movie!!!
ID	3	@zoelovesarchie @zoelovesarchie it was just true  and you do cause me to having dirty thoughts lol well also some other dude, huh? ;) xoxo
ID	3	wow...you leave facebook alone for the weekend and get 60 new notifications. WHEW!
ID	3	happy! did crepe, again!
ID	2	@gamboasan hmmm it's middle of a zombie-making day @ work here, dunno if jazz would help
ID	3	@CoachKaterina  Just amazes the heck out of me still....this &quot;internet thing&quot;
ID	2	@r_petty I'm leaving community college with a bang!
ID	3	Getting some DMs asking where I fell off to the past few days  I was sick, but am all better now. I appreciate the concern! Game On!
ID	2	@BeShirtHappy I know what you mean. My little dog is sinking into depression... he wants to move someplace tropical
ID	3	@MelodyLeaLamb Big Thanks Melody!  Gotta love that sunshine-lots of vit D
ID	3	@MissDeeeee Then you might enjoy this one too  http://tinyurl.com/ygcp3f
ID	3	@CursedJezzy Thanks for the mascara input. It's appreciated.
ID	3	Oh yeah the camera clipping problems with Void are now completely fixed  yay me for fiddling about
ID	3	@DazzleMeThis ok sounds goood to me  hehe
ID	3	hmm i dont know what to do today....cause im done with school...and it feel great
ID	3	@garymurning I can only imagine, but I know I love hearing about your novel!    I'm kinda awake, lol.  Will continue to do so, hopefully.
ID	2	@Cheaty For sure you should continue to Tweet WHILE on conf call, WHILE worrying about cat and bee.
ID	3	Lets get rich and give everyone nice sweaters and teach them how to dance...
ID	3	Morning workout sesh.  Love Life.
ID	4	The Gray Hat Python book reminded me how many security tools are python version specific, which is a pain if you need to use all of them
ID	3	@Raderr but yeah i like purple maybe thats why!! ;)  :p :d
ID	3	Happy morning Sunshine  It's May 4! I'm driving with the windows down and singing and smiling and not wearing shoes because i'm Kirsten!
ID	3	@lilmoxey Yay for full-term!!
ID	2	@Wossy those splinters look very painful...but you were being very heroic saving mr. Pickle
ID	3	Has finally mastered the art to uploading a photo on said Twitter. You can no longer assume I'm a heffer
ID	2	Finished my Marilyn Manson book  wow. He has had a colourful (or not so colourful, more black) life
ID	3	Gonna go to work with my honey today!!!! So exciting!!!
ID	2	thinking about new.. oh yes .. btw bankroll stays at $14.88.. so down a bit from yesterday.. and I won't whine about bad beats  ..
ID	2	The cats are gone. All 3 of them.
ID	3	@ThrivingIvory the next single is &quot;Hey Lady&quot;.ok, where is my million dollars??
ID	3	@davidgs Rest is important, but like everything else don't over do it.
ID	3	@fredheader  ha ha, and what game is that? i like games
ID	3	@ArielSatriani what did you do?haha. just wash your feet and go to bed,mommas boy
ID	2	I do hope many of my new followers are from around Sydney Australia  Welcome to my tweets anyway.
ID	4	@marissa110 heyy i finally got one too  oh and good luck on your finals today
ID	3	Morning tweets &lt;3 Sky and I are going to start this day off right with some shopping  Then off to the park.
ID	4	@PRChels_BE I heard the Yellow Light Maybes put on a great show Saturday! Sorry I missed it, Chelk.
ID	3	back from driving and now back to bed
ID	3	@laermer yep - three things: a good haircut, the ability to listen and the value of not taking yourself too seriously
ID	2	@RC73 I hear U. I can barley keep up with the followers I currently have. Its tuff on a mobile device.
ID	2	Applying for part time jobs.  LMAO Hopefully someone needs some help. ~AP~
ID	2	Looking forward to a short work week followed by a mini-vacation in Clemson
ID	3	Sleeping sounds too good, goodnight my babies, cuddlez for everyone
ID	4	Intel gfx driver situation much better with recent upgrades. kernel 2.6.30rc4 and driver from git: Suspend working again, fewer mem leaks
ID	3	@CraigVenables thankyou
ID	4	@Alyssa_Milano Hey there  Thought i'd tweet you to say Hi..I have so much to write but theres no space in this little box hehe Damn
ID	2	@TysonColinJoe I use an external track ball with my laptop. Again, seems excessive, but is totally more efficient.
ID	3	@SuzeBoozey LOL good to know the time in LA, it's a 9h time difference ... @gorjess1 good morning to ya
ID	3	O.M.G  im so sorry to hear about davids cooks brother! if u actually c this david Ireland Loves You!
ID	3	Back at it, but had a GREAT weekend as a buffer
ID	3	@lollipop26 love watching your yt videos and am really looking forward to seeing the collection vid
ID	3	@maroon5princess I used to love you lol...so awesome...I knew you'd have an &quot;experience&quot; last night
ID	2	thanks everyone for praying for President Aquino.  http://plurk.com/p/rreml
ID	3	and Mike for bring it to me even tho it was really late and he has to get up at 5am in the morning...
ID	3	@LukePersonified Yay.  I knew you'd like them if I shut up about them
ID	3	Good Morning All!   Hope everyone is doing well on this Monday!   Thanks for all the #followfriday recos!   I am blessed!
ID	2	@jesterjay SWINE FLU. Some family just came back from Mexico, i'm staying FAR away! Im feelin much better now thanks Jay
ID	3	The World is just amazing!
ID	3	@sassyotaku enjoy NOLA definitely one of my favorite cities in the world. Please have a beignet with chocolate for me
ID	3	@blueeyedmuse Thanks for the followfriday recommendation! We're actually at @_careerbuilder_ though!
ID	3	Man... I'm really hoping I finish this Good Vs. Evil contest entry in time. Looking pretty good so far.
ID	3	@taylorswift13 you really have to come to ireland some time! we love you over here &lt;3
ID	3	@lilxklein i see you hannah klein!. lookin good today
ID	3	Good morning everyone
ID	2	Done with classes and packing for the atlanits!! I hope miley's there
ID	2	voyed on MTV Movie Awards  Mostly on TWILIGHT and SLUMDOG   http://is.gd/wBt6
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4jkvh - I wasn't bored really..  my redd converse. I love converse.
ID	3	@RWAneesa have a safe flight...
ID	3	@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/3goxn - yes , everybody love you. i'm a german Fan. Follow me !
ID	3	after pub lunch am now going to daughters for tea life is good
ID	3	@CourvidLove4Eva  FC is back dear.
ID	2	@jsmithready It'd be really hard to give up my chocolate while reading.  Does chocolate count as a food?
ID	3	@nic0lepaula http://twitpic.com/4jbhp - jeez! I think you look alot prettier without make up.
ID	3	@Mofette briliant! May the fourth be with you  #starwarsday #starwars
ID	3	@alroaker Loved the comment on flashcads! I'm old school too!
ID	3	added 30 minutes to morning sleep by cutting out useless Today Show. Feels nice
ID	3	Yayz! Today's is the day I call and see if I got that job! x3 I ish so happy... even though I slept horribly... So I'm kinda drained...
ID	3	@MyHandboundBook Love your latest journals. I finally joined Twitter so came to say Hi
ID	3	Good morning ! Wishing everyone a great week
ID	0	long $nem (page from @maoxian intraday trading for dummies book)
ID	1	long $nem (page from @maoxian intraday trading for dummies book)
ID	3	@PatriciaP1977 thanks for the follow
ID	3	@IntriguingDs ... same to you!
ID	3	@dg4G ha! nice.    that's about all the german you're gonna get from me.  after that, it's just counting and jibberish.
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day to you all
ID	3	had a thrilling time with DAS joyride roadtrip! nice driving Pai and Paulo.  http://plurk.com/p/rrg18
ID	3	@SwitchingGranny it is my honor
ID	3	@AndreasHale yeah !!
ID	3	Beautiful morning here in the mountains
ID	3	Cute dress!  Hyped  http://lookbook.nu/look/134071
ID	3	I am parked in FS yet no ticket.
ID	3	@brockhurst  Chocolate-flavoured nipple spread (with applicator) eh?  Perfect just what I'd been looking for, thanks
ID	3	@jackgraycnn catching up on my tweets, I saw AC's promo of your new blog before yours, I knew immediately it would be yours by the title
ID	2	@readerwave if I know what you want it is easier to please you ;). I am glad you mentioned it
ID	3	@TerrieSoberg hey that is pretty good sucking up - my daughter is exactly the same - glad to see I am not alone   Good luck mom
ID	0	@Fnoo John and I just bought four boxes of them
ID	1	@Fnoo John and I just bought four boxes of them
ID	3	Goodmorning
ID	2	@alansmitheejp yeah i want to know what that is too!
ID	3	@snappingturtle @Jonin60seconds requested the date - and he is the guest of honour after all...
ID	3	@LittleFletcher oh yeah...haven't seem that in ages!! got to watch that soon!! thanks for reminding me!!
ID	3	@atomicfern just made my day: http://tinyurl.com/cumqmv
ID	3	subway  im going to get subway....  love it! ate it often when i was in new zealand....
ID	3	@heymamakat happiest of birthdays to you Kat
ID	4	@DoctahAna Can't really do anything about that, now can I?
ID	3	from last Montday's award ceremony  http://twitpic.com/4jkvl
ID	2	@Tamarzipan My windows open and its not that cold ahahah
ID	3	@Principled I'm grateful that my kids also don't like them, lol.  Textbooks are a tool, not the sole means of education
ID	3	@stellarbeam Dunno yet, would LOVE to though! I keep missing them any other time for some reason :S &amp; have fun!
ID	3	@WSPNews  Happy Monday to you as well! After a great festival this weekend, I have lots of soap to make..and a order to put in with you!
ID	3	@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/4fzo7 - you both have so beatiful eyes  i wanna have them
ID	2	Hell, my iTunes music library is even bipolar!
ID	3	pilot to co-pilot baby we burnin' up   /i cannot stress how much this line works.
ID	2	@runawayblue don't worry though,he will be fine
ID	3	@latinavanessa I'm sooo ready for a beautifyl day
ID	3	@gamerbabe360 I'm feeling a little sleepy now. Been reading Gunter Grass... wonderful but tiny print. Eyes done in
ID	3	@Agent_M Thanks for remembering
ID	3	@frankparker Good! I hope that it was a wonderful experience!
ID	3	I'm Kinda sleepy.. I Was up too late texting a nice boy making date plans for next weekend..
ID	4	@smileitsbubbles that is yo name girllll!
ID	3	@MizFitOnline I agree. I danced with my dad to &quot;Kind &amp; Generous&quot; at my wedding. HUGE fan.
ID	2	@earth2mars definitely dont be offended. im messing around with various twitter apps and strange things keep happening.
ID	3	@alissawoolery you go girl!!!
ID	3	Back from AOT last lec.. Alot of question marks on my head.. But thank God for all the tips.. Should be able to pull tru
ID	3	@amandamiller Thanks! We're almost there
ID	2	got all A's
ID	3	@ChaosSmurf Yes! You do!
ID	3	@llittizzio I'm in a good mood... See?  I'm smiling!!!!!
ID	3	@ROBsessedBlog At least he's in breakthrough performance tho. I just wanted him nominated in his own category
ID	3	Time to get educated  Hope you all are off for a great start on this Monday morning
ID	3	@MrPointyHead Lol at the VATS on The Insiders
ID	3	@FOX19Sara Go girl!! Start your day out right...gotta love that!
ID	4	@scottharrison Thanks for the DM! I am on the ATL Twestival committee &amp; really hope you have a public speaking event soon!! Enjoy ATL
ID	3	@FragDolls ok I just love it when big buff tattoed (preferably Christian)  men strut...fluffy dogs are optional
ID	3	@weddingsites Not a problem. I loved that idea, and of course the photos were just perfect!
ID	2	Man with a great sense of humour... Venky Pachad?
ID	2	@kouzrah etherreal WAS my main preoccupation. Now it's EtherREAL's preoccupation... humm... me ? schizophrenic ?
ID	3	@erwin57 Peek-a-boo!! i can see you!!
ID	3	@LewisForbes that sounds pretty sweet, you too must be loving it! yeah man that sounds cool, keen for that
ID	3	ok i just spent like 50 on soundtracks, a galaxy class starship and EVE online. sigh
ID	3	@ileanedover HEYHEYHEYY happy star wars day   watcha doin this friday? up for a movie?
ID	3	&lt;3 ryan baby iloveyopu xxx &lt;3 10 days kayleigh baby lymz cntt waiit
ID	4	@denise183rd yo wake your ass up  and go to work  go get that paper  u aint sick dont lie
ID	3	@EmilyYoung09 havin fun? x btw isnt it bowling? x  xx
ID	3	happy star wars dayyyy =D and hbd to uncle LEE
ID	4	@sbcvandy OMG! I KNOW!  I give myself a stroke everytime I go getting mad at them. (Quietly with the windows rolled up.    )
ID	4	At school. Blagh. Yay I'm getting the IPhone in August!!
ID	3	@horsekisser He's an amazing jockey! Saw that Clydesdale commercial too..loved it!
ID	3	This is great!  I just found out that it's Star Wars Day.       &quot;May the 4th&quot; be with you!  Have you hugged your Ewok today?
ID	3	good morning tweeties! what to do today? I am all rested up from Richmond and ready to hit the beach!
ID	2	@chuckiem  Yes,  and I hope the show I promoted was clean.....   lol      Bella
ID	3	@merlehenge the lost cost is a total plus.  Nutella is like peanut butter mixed with chocolatey goodness. yumm. ^^
ID	3	@MotherBlanker I love brewing ideas! Great things always come from them.  keeping my fingers crossed for you!
ID	3	All new implementation of test discovery for unittest. This time in a loader. Good start I think.   http://twurl.nl/nz8f4y
ID	2	Shower. Class. More class. Taking care of my lady-friend. Writing like there's no tomorrow.
ID	2	Well hopefully the rest of the day gets better.
ID	3	ooooo I am playing around with my book'smovie trailer (whn I'm not writing of course) &amp; it looks GOOOOOOOOOOD!  I need a release date
ID	3	@jtchan83 Woo Hoo! It's time to play &quot;Name That Twune&quot;
ID	4	Watching &quot;All the Kings Men&quot;, It be pretty good so far!
ID	3	@susiecheng We all need that simple reminder-thx!
ID	3	@marimcfly morning!!!! happy #juddday
ID	3	i'm excited about cake class 3 tonight   i'm a nerd
ID	3	Back to reality tomorrow. But I think I will dig me out a cigar and smoke me a good one. Yes i bought 3 boxes of the &quot;GOOD&quot; Ones
ID	2	is sitting thru the boring bits in Titanic waiting for the good bit to start in couple of hours
ID	2	@neonbutterfly1 Thank you! I hope you saw the 2nd one I posted - the 1st won had some wonky color thing happening.
ID	3	@spumante hahaha! Yes, I do
ID	3	@k_griffiths There was a good atmos. I decided to stay til closing, very funny!
ID	3	@Doctor_Death Well I'm impressed with your technical skillz
ID	3	@Jaceyjaden whoa!! hahaha! wee going there in a bit! just watching Hugh Jackman's interview at Oprah.
ID	3	16 days until I start moving!
ID	3	@taylorswift13 i wish you could come to Swindon...2 hours away...its my dream to meet you  xoxo
ID	3	Coffee time  be back later kisses*
ID	3	I love you - Martina Mcbride. Love this song!
ID	2	@AnnebrittB slaying dragons &amp; rescue innocents, this could be a good life movie   Make sure to take a camara and film!!!!
ID	3	@reaching4amomnt it'll be close, but hopefully they can figure it out  they'll be eating nothing but those cookies for the week tho.
ID	2	@criminalminds  out of commish for a few days in ATL with fam.  Just saw the updates to the .net website... Looks AWESOME!
ID	4	@PerezHilton hey perez! good luck! well, i'm still planning for a big present to be given for my mom! i love you mom!
ID	4	@thisisbenwood -  I wanna go see them in Edinburgh  won't happen though haha , yir lucky! And have funnnn  xxx
ID	3	@CaroleCross Thank you for that!  I know it.
ID	3	@DesiznTech thanks  glad you like it
ID	3	@KatieKrafka oh you crazy kids and your stress. try effed / not effed; followed by acceptance. works wonders for the rest of the world
ID	4	idk why im so hyper im jumping everyhere. ugh lets let it be friday sweeney todd then cinco de mayo il those parties
ID	2	@littlefluffycat hehe--sorry.  I've never been very good at blending in...
ID	4	@MissDeeeee don't encourage me... I've got years of this stuff. you will regret it !
ID	3	@dolliesierra Awwh....well at least you are up top, where the magic happens!  Today will be a good day, no worries.
ID	3	@rOcketsBABY great thanks hun, i did thr family thing this wknd too! 5 weeks today we hit the USA, cant wait!!
ID	4	@aweekes haha nope she won't  altho my train back from Leeds I booked an hour too early and they won't let me change it :/
ID	2	@teemwilliams i feel that!! esp when you know u aint done the wrong  &lt;3 U!
ID	3	today is a good day to take lots of naps
ID	2	is thinking about &quot;magnetism and spiritual equilibrium.&quot; My do you alcoholics have a way with words!
ID	4	@Heart_song Glad you had a wondrous Beltaine! Mine was quiet, yet in sync with the season.  Miss you all...
ID	3	@cutegingerbread i do but is just a haul vid/photo slideshow only. I only do it for fun  http://www.youtube.com/eyezaddiction
ID	3	I lke wearing kiddies clothes. Makes me breasticles look all big n stuff
ID	3	In Whin Park on the swings, victory is all mine right now
ID	3	School. School. School.  today seems like it's going to be a great day!
ID	2	I think it's time to take a shower &amp; get ready for the dayy.  I hope we go shopping while we're in Mason today. I want new clothes!!
ID	4	@nickiminaj Nicklaus!!!!!  Im MAD I missed you out in VA last night, I was gonna snatch you up and make you wifey!!! 2009 is MINEE
ID	3	ready with learnin today!!! .. and now its twilight time
ID	2	@WalkingHorse glad to hear that    Do you have a busy day today?
ID	3	@allysont haha. the pic wrong. haha. now the one is then correct.
ID	3	@dmhome Well, in LA is decent weather. Tell me what's happening in the future
ID	3	@PITCHERPARK i want her more on Survivor!!
ID	3	@kruss73 Hi Katie! Just signed in! How are you, sweetie?
ID	3	Man, Monday sucks. What I wouldn't give to be a rich beach bum, diving in a tropical lagoon every day, eating fresh fruit and fish...ahhh
ID	3	Good Morning Tweeters... Happy Monday!  Grab a big cup of coffee it's a new week
ID	3	Great, social network sites are still growing
ID	2	@lola0507 hi my love! Im ok, just trying to get thru these finals, they're going to be the DEATH of me. how are you
ID	3	@electricbluebrd Aw thank you. I suppose it's a good thing since it means more tweeting.
ID	0	Watching my girlfriend get out the showe  with her lime green towel .. IM BAD!!!!   Mohawk Kidd
ID	1	Watching my girlfriend get out the showe  with her lime green towel .. IM BAD!!!!   Mohawk Kidd
ID	2	about to book train tickets for friday!
ID	3	@Perpetual_Kid May the 4th be with you
ID	3	@jkarney  #amtarot Thank you so much!
ID	3	@MrsVaught happy birthday, amber! hope it's a great one...and - you're far away from thirty...shhh...you're making us 29'ers feel sad!
ID	4	I'm up. I have a plan to transform my bedroom today. Random.
ID	3	@mcflyyerr yeah that's trueee  i can't wait till the tour dvd comes out, that tour was so epic (: and the backstage material is hilarious
ID	3	@RainbowSuicide SHOW ME SHOW ME!!!
ID	3	@TruthsCompany Man, Joel!  You're amazing at uncovering that little truth hiding under my surface.  Thanks.
ID	4	Good morning scary world!
ID	2	J, sorry about the bad night, hopefully my workout updates gave you a little humor in your night..
ID	2	I wish I had a friend that was a chiropractor
ID	3	@prisca_eyedea I love last.fm but find it a lot easier (and more content) on spotify  add me on http://last.fm/user/an0key if you like
ID	3	@TweetPhoto Kewl Sounds good. Will wait for it. Thanks
ID	2	May the fourth be with you.  Oh come on, no one had actually spelled it out yet
ID	3	&lt;3 alayellow
ID	0	@snookca I find mondays are the busiest days. I come into work, and there are 100 things to do cause the boss works weekends.
ID	1	@snookca I find mondays are the busiest days. I come into work, and there are 100 things to do cause the boss works weekends.
ID	2	@bonobo_fr Yes I saw the Village but the restaurant in the Village Square has a sign above it that reads &quot;Digestif.&quot;
ID	3	On an operations conference call with the great peeps @campusadvantage team. Y'all make Mondays a bit easier to handle.
ID	3	@Utopia_of_Chas good mornin sunshine...at least the work puter will go faster
ID	3	one of my favorite, most relaxing songs to wake up to: http://tinyurl.com/c8fr3e Good morning.
ID	3	lapit na ko magout. lapit na fated to love you.hehe  http://plurk.com/p/rrj4e
ID	3	@Brawny2004 true true, I'm writing atm, trying 2 b coherent about the last 4 yrs&amp;string narratives through it but my meats rotting nicely
ID	3	Listening to Miley Cyrus Breakout CD ! love it!
ID	3	@SedzOz no actually it gets rid of the bacteria and they thaw out nicely
ID	3	Loves Agustin and his happy morning moods
ID	3	Morning peeps... If you need to get at me you know where I am... I'll be around  ? http://blip.fm/~5jtyh
ID	2	@matalatine I scare you? No!
ID	2	@sankar_datti Thanks sankar for ur wishes
ID	3	@brinahaha i'm just starting it brinn, guess what?? i get my laptop back  but i can't use the messenger, hate it.
ID	3	Just checking in to say Good Monday Morning to all my #mamo friends....
ID	3	@emmaemelie haha thanx.. now, twitter is a lot more public at YBC than i presumed
ID	3	just got home from the gym..tennis first then badminton.ehehe!
ID	3	working my ass off and I am completely happy
ID	3	@LarryWalksFast Cool. That'd be fantastic!
ID	3	@artistico The John Lennon poster. My inner fan girl is dancing with joy.
ID	3	@ BeardBurk: Their being optimistic
ID	3	YES!! REPRIEVE!! One paper pushed back until Friday! That leaves just three more pages due by 4:00pm... not even a problem.
ID	2	Nailing some webconcepting *in the zone*. I should be awarded..
ID	3	booziest weekend in a long time, good fun though!
ID	3	Photo: jdperry: Seriously, thesepictures make my day.  Hahaha. Ialways just go aroundsaying OMG did you... http://tumblr.com/xzn1pir8s
ID	3	@apmckeown it sure is  Hope you're having a great morning
ID	3	167 SQL queries to display one single deal page on OzBargain. Looks like I'll have fun optimising it!  Bad bad Drupal...
ID	3	@mirnygirly If it doesn't work out drop me a line. I would love to talk with you more about this
ID	3	Hey, thanks for the follow, wow this is exciting a new tweet.
ID	3	MORNING EVERY1! Giveaway at http://tinyurl.com/dhc4hg  Mod Kid Emma pattern &amp;$25 GiftCert to HipFabric!! GO check it out
ID	3	@nickdaigle too short as usual...  but was awesome
ID	3	has almost completed the groundwork for Paper Pile.
ID	2	Back at it after a weekend of working in the yard. Didn't open the laptop once, and I'm thankful.
ID	3	@LilzCREATiONS thanx for showin luv
ID	3	May the 4th Be with you all!
ID	3	@keithbrooks Glad to see you're still around
ID	3	@gloria_hayden Welcome to Twitter!!
ID	3	cute girl is finished with timing That Fool 1~ editing stage and waiting for spot translation.
ID	3	@wude72 @boulderdiaries Thank you!
ID	2	Whole body is sore from moving hundreds of pieces of luggage last weekend.   Guess I should visit the gym more often
ID	2	found rollo! and got happy  hmmm.. guess i really do need to be inserted back into the matrix 0_o\
ID	3	@EverywhereTrip Lovely profile + website! Very neat... love the &quot;where is gary&quot; ticker!
ID	2	@midnatsol hello hun, how's things going? Tell me all
ID	3	@clockworkmelt LOL I feel like drunk right now...
ID	3	found rollo! and got happy  hmmm.. guess i really do need to be inserted back into the matrix 0_o
ID	3	Getting ready to launch the podcast of chapter 1 of &quot;Turning Left at Albuquerque&quot; this morning. I know you're excited - so am I!
ID	3	@fotogypc What kind of help do you need with Machine embroidery?  I may bea able to help
ID	4	@orbicule wow great promo for orbicule. is there an english translation somewhere? my Norwegian isn't that good
ID	2	@Jazzled4life Doubtful! It's going to be on 24/2!
ID	3	Hitting the (fairly empty) shops in Orlando! Off to downtown Disney later  http://tinyurl.com/cdsuws
ID	3	Right all strapped in and ready to go   http://twitpic.com/4jloj
ID	3	Even though it is already Monday. Thanks for the #followfriday complements - you know who you are!
ID	3	Back from mountains
ID	3	Paid bills. We get water and electricity for another month  Woot.
ID	3	@jensen_ackles New to Twitter. New to Supernatural - im only 1 day old :0) Jst ordered 1st season, after seein 1 gud random ep lastnte
ID	4	I  didnt know there was a starwars day
ID	0	@maenad_au see i never got kyile.. not then not now ... see I must have some taste
ID	1	@maenad_au see i never got kyile.. not then not now ... see I must have some taste
ID	2	@photojack i am tempted to say that twitter is the best thing since sliced bread  #togs
ID	3	there.  She says it gives her an excuse to sleep in the other bed! LOL  They're different sizes or I would have switched them for her.
ID	0	Im home  I hate school! Now im going to do do something fun because I have very boring. I want to have something to eat  Soon back!
ID	1	Im home  I hate school! Now im going to do do something fun because I have very boring. I want to have something to eat  Soon back!
ID	3	Just had some 100 calorie Shortbread cookies and a handful of popcorn for breakfast. Think that that will give me some energy
ID	4	Big Sugar = yet another '90's bandwagon I was too late to get on. Next S&amp;D BNL should reunite them (kind of like they did for the Odds).
ID	3	@north385com Well I'm obsessed w/all of them - but I watched the first one again last night  glorious! where can i get a wand?
ID	3	@bealove thank you my love
ID	3	what a great day
ID	3	out of office on business....needed the get away
ID	3	@LoveLauriexox - my son plays pitcher and catcher.  Beautiful weather this past weekend for baseball, but I am exhausted!
ID	2	@GaryED46 I'm supposed to be bug fixing, and I'm Twittering, too. It's not good enough. It's Twitter or work. Bug fixing will have to go.
ID	3	@scottrmcgrew *dancing pirouette ballerina HUGS*  Morning my Awesome brudder!
ID	3	FGinished Doinn Fake Tann Sitting Drinknig Coke And Watching Ink Heart
ID	3	@mikebrinkman Actually, the post shows they know what happens when you overflow...
ID	3	@apizzle86: thanks!  and you being #80 just made my morning!
ID	2	I'm now totally addicted to Farm Town. Frankly, it's more fun that fixing laptops or studying the diseases that will kill us all.
ID	3	@VisitGalena - we wouldn't miss it for the world!  ICCVB meetings @VisitPeoria Mon-Wed....  the fun is just beginning
ID	3	@ZaraGreen no problem, keep it comin
ID	3	@NatashaWhiteley congrats!
ID	3	hey @star45 sending some Florida sunshine your way  Supertramp  It's Raining Again  @DJDolceVita you m... ? http://blip.fm/~5jucn
ID	3	@WFBL Thanks, the more, the merrier
ID	2	Back from NYC... convinced on moving to the LES by Fall
ID	3	About to Lock In on getting better  staying +
ID	3	@missrogue wow! that is an *awesome* review; carry it with you everywhere; laminate it; read it when down;just plain cool
ID	3	@kristenkey  so true...and so poetic! beautiful
ID	3	Mommas day is may 10th! Don't forget to do something nice for your mommyyy
ID	3	why me? i am about to read another ecology book for two hours. its all good fun today
ID	3	Awh, thank you for your nice replies! Its so different, its scary so you've made me feel better!!
ID	3	@halfwelshdragon those cakes sure look good ,,took one if it's ok with you  ummm good tks
ID	2	@WaleDC Philly hasn't played it yet!!!  You have to do something about that!! Please
ID	4	(SINGZ) SO I THINK IM JST ABT DONE BEING UR GIRRRLFRIEND....IM LEAVIN....IM LEAVIN! JST LOVE CM!
ID	3	@pinkladyjen that's a shame, next time hon  yeah tea on thursday would be delightful thanks bestest sis in law x
ID	2	@OurLittleAcre I guess, technically, I was still pregnant just a few months ago. Just with Alex instead of Elizabeth
ID	2	@kristalswan You're welcome! Cutie-pie kiddo.. in your picture btw  Love those shades!
ID	3	Happy Birthday Mommy
ID	3	@ssherrill115 Thanks! We're still all passing around germs here but we're surviving.  Have I missed anything?
ID	3	@gpsrunner awesome run report!   Did you see the bald eagle on the lighthouse?  That was their hangout when I last ran Discovery Park.
ID	3	Good Morning
ID	3	We looked at apartments this weekend.  Found one we like.  Hubby going today to try to rent one of the apartments.  Crossing Fingers
ID	3	@dayzie63 LMoo! my job is funn
ID	0	has just joined twitter. reeeally dont understand how to use this lol
ID	1	has just joined twitter. reeeally dont understand how to use this lol
ID	3	@crazyfirebolt HAHA I LOVE THE WAY U PUT IT &quot;He lifts our feet off the ground spins us around and makes us crazier&quot;
ID	3	@tractorqueen Will do
ID	2	Check out my song &quot;time to lose it&quot; on www.myspace.com/flownyce you'll enjoy it I promise
ID	3	@dominicalevina oh! that's my baby picture. i try to convince myself i'm still that cute. heheh.
ID	3	....dont act like your not impressed
ID	3	@fmlim If you do, I'm sure you'll enjoy
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day - May the 4th be with you
ID	3	Bed def beat out gym this morning  .....still snuggling w Spike.
ID	3	@MsCityCouture chillin wassup ma?? ayo in cali my day just started idk where u r but u have a gud day YA diggg
ID	3	@robluketic  Thank you so much. That was so nice of you and I was happy to hear you voice  You've really started something Good!! xo
ID	3	@RachelleKOMO Very cute!  Don't miss out on puppy school.  Now's the time.
ID	3	Ah, that was easy  I just received the new link for the Reegie rig
ID	3	Just wrote up tomorrow's #DWorlds show. @DesigningWorlds followers get a feed soon: mine see it first  http://bit.ly/6jLaL
ID	3	hey peoples, dont you just hate being grounded haha, im just sat eating an apple and watching death note (some anime)
ID	4	desktop quad-core Win7 boot time = 2'25&quot;, laptop dual-core w/ SSD Win7 boot time = 0' 13&quot; =&gt; SSD for desktop arrives in 2 days
ID	2	@Pixeljunkie202 Kind of glad I never started Kings now - one less thing to be upset about
ID	2	wishing I were somewhere else besides here!!  Don't worry this won't dampen my day and neither will the rain
ID	3	@hcolephotos YOU'RE A BIG DAMN DEAL!!!!!!!  Have fun
ID	2	another week, another org change discussion....
ID	3	@spazzyyarn he totally got you! ;) i think it's awesome.
ID	3	@infovestment LOL, very true. I've been keeping an eye out for that - they arent very tech savvy so I've been alright thus far
ID	3	@acousticalt I'll be listening!
ID	3	At school 8am to 7pm, then keone chonie's class  have a good day!
ID	3	@TheRealKeeks Not Pretty But one hell of a show  non the less
ID	3	Happy nurses week! It's our first one as rn's
ID	3	Moving today!!  I'm so excited!
ID	3	back to athens. ????? ? ??????
ID	3	@AlGov lmao I'm glad I'm not the only one
ID	3	proud of the ceviche and bellinis turning out so well and LOVING the smell of fresh flowers in the house
ID	3	@sabrina215 YES!! cant wait. hope these vip passes help since people already campin out hahah
ID	4	@jordanknight I'm not having a good day... can u cheer me up with a tweet?  Even Tink will do. LOL.
ID	3	@solangeknowles cn i gt a twit frm u pls?  Hva gr8 shw 2nyt !
ID	4	@jimmyheartcore awwwww snaaaap Jimmaaayy.  You are the man with hookups.  Too bad I'm so far away!!
ID	3	@zipvojames Well......minus being related to Greg...lol.....just kidding
ID	3	is soo in love with beyonce's song &quot;smash into you&quot;
ID	3	@chetbuchanan SANJAYA FOREVER! HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!
ID	3	@joyousnfree lol. No new diet plan...ran late for wrk so didn't hav a chance to make lunch. I ate a lot when I got hm!
ID	3	@thedrawingroom hilarious. so if she acts up, all you have to do is say 1 little word...&quot;gummed up&quot; grosses me out; hub says it 2 torment
ID	3	@QueenieCyrus Heyyy  wats up?
ID	2	Mmm wasabi coated peanuts! Burns so good
ID	3	Um... happy star wars day btw. Cheers to all you scruffy looking nerfherders and hot ami's out there.
ID	3	... thanks everybody for your wonderful feedback re my Happiletter
ID	2	::Ugh:: Euro Civ exam... Studio Later though
ID	3	I've brush my teeth but im eating Chocolates right now ha-ha just sharing
ID	2	Happy Star Wars Day, everyone! May the force be with you all, be you Padawan or Jedi.
ID	2	@mythalez Scii-fi effects definitely look silly no doubt but its worth a watch inspite of that!!
ID	3	my last full week of school!
ID	3	out shopping....
ID	3	@SoldierBeetle Your welcome hun!    They are all amazing people - make sure to say hello to them!
ID	3	No Evidence, No Conviction ! Absolutely hilarious.. Makes my day every time  http://bit.ly/lrolJ
ID	3	@cocosbutter its already good...I got to meet you!
ID	3	@jenfraiz I loves me some Jeff Lynne, and I do enjoy sitar work, but that was kinda weird. To each his own, I s'pose!
ID	3	yeah  just made twitter
ID	3	@peebles95 call me later so i can tell you all about the weekend. Easier over phone.
ID	3	@HeavyBank That's the good part about it. YOU DON'T HAVE TO KNOW ANYONE!
ID	3	Good Afternoon
ID	3	@imjustcreative having a F**Kin' great day over there Graham isn't it
ID	3	shake shake shake shake shake it
ID	2	ahhh bank holiday slept late now going to dinner in my sisters whos a real &quot;monica&quot;  hahah and im late il get cold dinner now
ID	2	got a translation offer today. couldn't say no, even though it's german  simple computer stuff mostly. and only a couple hundred words.
ID	3	@modmark hope y'all enjoy the MusicBoat Cruise.  What a tough job - haha!!!
ID	3	@ru5tyloxx  You're silly.
ID	3	The seat was a nice place to go
ID	3	haiszt.. im here in the office doing nothing but tweet haha! fun!
ID	3	@allicandy95 testing.... Hey! I gotta add you as someone to follow
ID	3	@czarinas78 Ah  So you've seen both. (Either way, you get to experience the fantasy of sound and shock waves in the vacuum of space. Heh.)
ID	3	I cant WAIT to be home and snuggle with my puppies! and my Fiance
ID	2	hahas . dam tried . just nw got exam . don know how much i will get . . but i having fun today . with my pri sch friends  until 5plus . =D
ID	3	I am so happy. Keve is here for early Mother's day. Let's be quiet. He drove all night and is sleeping.
ID	2	Goooosh! Someone payed my LastFM subscription  ^^
ID	3	is listening to &quot;La La Land&quot; i love it
ID	3	@shrinkingjes WHOO HOO. Congrats on getting under 200lbs
ID	3	Getting ready to meet Laura!  Than training, even if I'm sick.
ID	3	Okay so yesterday was good went food shopping, cooked some chicken tacos and bakes some cookies!!!  Now I am back at work.
ID	3	@meghanian I think I got it fixed! Woo hoo!
ID	3	Just wanted to give a quick welcome and thanks to all of you whom I now follow or have following me, looking frward to tweeting w/ you
ID	3	@VIVIatTheDisco Good luck on your first day !!!!
ID	3	Just finished first workout on Jillian Michaels 30day making the cut program!  Feeling great  Hopefully the eating will be just as good
ID	3	@dopenhagen are you in KL? I am  up for a drink?
ID	2	@edwelker make sure you practice your hooping today!
ID	3	@AsunUnique  Apple has done some impressive things for my almost 2 year old macbook. Except when I poured coffee into the keyboard.
ID	3	my c key is stating to work.  yayness.
ID	3	Having indian food in the middle of Wales, very very typical, huh?
ID	3	@MorrisonCorner i don't have any excuse other than night shifts! we got our orphan lambs from a local farmer so we cheated
ID	3	@deeeniseee eh, you're a really nice girl   How are you? miss youuuuuuu
ID	2	@arodomus aww sorry to hear you are having a bad time. Remember: this too shall pass
ID	3	Just picked up my copies of the printed brochures I did for the BWRC. So excited
ID	3	all pugged in and ready to go. device updates on, so feel free to bombard me at any time.  Time to actually get something done.
ID	2	@jordanknight are you TINK'N the people on the street in NY waiting 4 friday are crazy? Brooke
ID	3	Im fine also..up way to early..lol...soo those r all ur dogs? to kut3 ..i def want a pit! lol
ID	4	@xxPat..not that school wouldnt suck all the time
ID	4	blerg, damn you Monday, why must you always come.  Decent weekend, new glasses, hair color and got carded at Gamestop = awesome ego boost
ID	3	@aea1023 thanks thought you might want a flower today.
ID	3	@MarieLuv  YOU MAKIN' ME HORNY
ID	2	The phones are lit up like christmas trees. Go to work people. You don't have to get everything done on monday.
ID	2	Happy Star Wars Day // Will Week
ID	3	@jordanknight  yes really if it is that time of day again.   xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
ID	3	Waking up .....working....Happy as can be!  Its gonna be a great day today... I can see it..and im not sore from Running yesterday!!!
ID	3	listening to the online radio; oldies
ID	3	@RitasItalianIce Cherry Italian Ice is my fave. I want to get the local Ritas on Twitter so they'll send out the daily flavors.
ID	3	Wool, time for the top cote
ID	3	says livejournal is being a bee-eye-tee-see-hedge. Dum dee dum, ok back to work!
ID	3	Apparently today is Happy Star Wars day.  I'm suppose to say may the 4th be with you.
ID	3	@richa_august84 haha...  may be.. hehe.. I might have been imported.  but i love the heat... love playing football on a hot day....
ID	3	TextMate crashed for the first time in 3 months. Not too bad actually  #textmate
ID	3	Can someone chemics ?
ID	3	the big boss is out all week.. small yay. free lunch for the office today, big yay!
ID	3	@wossy http://twitpic.com/4jjdx - Soak your had in hot water (but not boiling) for about 30mins - it'll pull them right out
ID	3	@stylenoirgossip such a great idea!
ID	3	Nobody does it better than www.traveljunky.com Not even half as good   ? http://blip.fm/~5jv7j
ID	2	@kirstiealley that is soooo scary! Be careful! We only have one Kirstie!
ID	2	@darlsXzpott3r I'm doing good thanks   And yourself? and sorry, lil busy at the moment.
ID	2	@ddlovato who said demi can't wear her Converse with her dress oh baby, that's just demi.
ID	3	@pseudosophical YAY YOU! So proud of you!  and I'm not even being sarcastic. Even though you told me to shut the fuck up.
ID	3	@ngeow Yeah, planning to do that actually. Got a Kinokuniya discount card, so I'm going to splurge.  Just worried about being overwhelmed.
ID	2	Definition of senioritis: Me. About to go to chem II and calculus. Not good classes to feel like slackin
ID	3	@jackalltimelow I just got my JAGK shirt in the mail! Omg I love it!!!  see you saturday!!
ID	2	@BadAsh77 got it i'll send you an email in a lil bit i have a lot to say
ID	2	@gthogan I think you forgot a couple exclamation points.
ID	4	@t_rothlisberger That's fucking awesome!  *bookmark*
ID	3	It is going to be a beautiful day!
ID	3	@islandprincess2 LMAO!! That is so funny!  Thanks for sharing...I needed that laugh
ID	2	@TheRealKeeks Thats ok Keeks I'll Pass the 151 to you that will chill you out
ID	2	Have 3 of the 5 grandbabies again today. 19 month old twins and a 3 1/2 month infant. I love every minute of it too.
ID	3	@TSchryver ahh! Yay!  so you're gonna get it?
ID	3	Early start today! More rain and more miles!
ID	3	Guess who has internet at her house? *raises hand* And it's not dial up.
ID	3	I have a 4-H lamb meeting. It should be fun. And it is sunny! Yay! I can play with my horses this afternoon. Clap, clap, clap!!!
ID	0	oh, it's raining... i haaaate it!  It was a great violin lesson&lt;3
ID	1	oh, it's raining... i haaaate it!  It was a great violin lesson&lt;3
ID	3	@isaacn86 Thanks! Funny cause it's true!
ID	2	Trying to figure out the perfect way of leading a principled life
ID	3	lay by the pool and take a nap. my agenda for the day
ID	4	@Afey umm how abt a comment like that :p &quot;i dont like this&quot;
ID	3	Just got back from work, OT na naman. What's new?
ID	2	@OfficialBabyV I wish you where going to be in the Saga
ID	2	check out the flyer i designed for the notary and retrograde: http://rachellovespeace.blogspot.com let me know what you think
ID	3	shout out to Sanjeev! thank you for being my first follower  on twitter.
ID	4	@jordanknight I have now officially resigned myself to never knowing what Tink! means....
ID	3	high &amp; dry goin to have an ice cream now with my best friend.
ID	3	@atxtraveler thanks! I will try #boarding out
ID	3	@phillybookco Nice yo!!! Live it for me buddy!
ID	3	Yes, he's really back!: I couldn't wait for this day to arrive and finally it's here! Gale is back!!!  I'm pos.. http://tinyurl.com/dzzaf5
ID	3	Tonight @ 10 on The Northland's NewsCenter we kick off a week long look at Great Summer Getaways in the Northland! Don't miss it!
ID	2	Now I'm following you Ah Ha! Love your laff
ID	4	@mickster09 You don't have to rub it in.
ID	3	@naeem_coza @strandloper Yep. Live and learn
ID	3	Good mornin. Today will end early, woo. Gonna work on rick's surprise PROJECT DUE ON TUESDAY
ID	3	Loves the 2nd half of even days, orch and jazz band with daddy
ID	3	wishing you all a happy monday and a wonderful start to this week ! Make it a good one
ID	3	@MusicIsLife377 that's a good attitude
ID	3	It's a good day! The lake is a mirror, the kids are happy, and I get to clean the cabin today... Err two outta three ain't bad!
ID	3	@Jamie_127 glad you got a laugh out of it
ID	3	Thank you all new, first time Japa Dog customers! Twitter spreads the word! We like new customers
ID	2	@JustZIPP hey rocstar
ID	2	monday morning. what to do. ...puzzles!
ID	3	Well, I'm here, good morning/brunch-ish I took my exam, think I did good
ID	3	@juliannebritton Ohhh, i really want to see Coraline, it seems really good
ID	3	@CraftedClay  most name brands have dairy even if it's called 'semi-sweet' or 'dark'.  I'll try to get some in the HelloVeggies Store!
ID	4	@stii no, it makes you realise how doomed humanity in USA is
ID	3	@jessicacolon My son is back at school today - feeling much better. He wasn't too sick...he didn't stop eating!
ID	3	hi everyone, hoping all of you have a good week
ID	3	bye y'all wolverine soon  ooaf hugh jackman, tell ya what he can sctrahc me anytime ;)
ID	2	@The_Gov hi gov!! How are you?
ID	3	i am listening this song &quot;shattered&quot; by Tynisha keli   www.myspace.com/tynishakeli
ID	2	@scooby867 Cheers for that! Will have a look at that later and hopefully get sorted!
ID	3	Supernatural was mega good  Now I'm off to bed, urgh long day of school tomorrow x
ID	3	Today I plan on taking my music history final, then catching up on some movies at my movie theatre.
ID	2	@mrjoecool well praise the lord 4 gud moods i kno i need 2 b 1, im workn out ma thighs &amp; these dark clouds is scaring me
ID	3	Love thy self. Keep it simple. Learn Tai Chi. Those are my aims today. Beat up ankle is less swollen  I am on a no negotiation vacation!
ID	3	each day is a new beginning
ID	3	@mercedez000 Ta very much!  Happy B-Day to G-son
ID	4	@dragonblogger My pleasure  I really enjoy your random word poetry, and am disappointed when I miss out on participating!
ID	3	Shakti's celebrating her 4th Birthday today!
ID	3	@esmeeworld Good luck tonight! have fun
ID	3	@Jonasbrothers i can't wait! its most definately going to be amazing.  &lt;3 michelle
ID	3	@janeporricelli She lives!  You were so Twitter quiet after the race. Recovering or celebrating?  ps. #20 Fem. in your 1st marathon Wow!
ID	2	A little bit of good news.
ID	3	@bellaphonic yay! #iPhone goodness is so fun!
ID	3	@SWrightBoucher Hi Susan, read your blog.  It's really good.  I look forward for the tweet updates
ID	2	Jaydiohead &quot;No Karma&quot; ? http://twt.fm/91610 #musicmonday This is not the android I was looking for. But it'll do.
ID	4	@tuaw In case no one gave you a heads up, AT&amp;T just put out an iPhone app for account management (MyWireless) I'd love to see a review
ID	2	virus hunting on computer - always wondering what it will destroy
ID	3	Rain makes for a good study day  almost done!!
ID	3	has just come back from horse riding, what a brilliant day
ID	3	@sozah Morning Sunshine
ID	3	@luannarodham nothing sweeter than YOUR 4-year-old!
ID	3	@crumcake That's a relief! I feel better knowing it's hereditary.  Have fun!
ID	2	If you carry your childhood with you,  you never become old..A. Sutzkever
ID	3	@DuongSheahan so nice to meet you too! @NancyLoo is the best for bringing me along
ID	3	@TheMandyMoore so looking forward to your new album
ID	3	Feeling really good about my performance on the AP Government &amp; Politics exam this morning.  Going to lunch with Krista.
ID	3	This weekend I started a &quot;Healthy Lifeestyle&quot; - not Diet!     Let's see how it goes - will keep ya posted on my progress.
ID	3	i've been eating cheetos all morning..
ID	3	@solangeknowles Nice!!!!!!!! I WILL be there
ID	3	@Blanquis26  Morning, hope you have a super day...enjoy !
ID	3	@wendaybird silly wendy. You know I don't speak French  just a few more hours to study before this ride begins!
ID	2	@DaisyCurlyCat oh wow, daisy, that is TOO cute for words!!
ID	4	@Etsy never noticed that before but you're right! guess that's because my heart is always dreaming of travel...
ID	2	@martinb9999 need to get an intel based mac 1st   but this impacts on dual core vs quad choice, latter probably better for virtualization
ID	3	@MaddieWan Maddie starts working? WATCH OUT WORLD!
ID	3	someone said after wolverine they feel like watching x-men all over again. They're right! Now back to business, proposal, yippie!
ID	3	is done with classes for her freshman year.
ID	3	@MichalkaAlyson I spell my name alyson too! Aly for short! We spell it the best
ID	3	@jeanettejoy Shanghai is also really exciting (precisely -- skyscrapers galore). Good tweeps in China: @sdweathers (SH) @winserzhao (BJ).
ID	2	@gfalcone601 I think sandwiches or something like this with ham and cheese
ID	4	What am I doing atm? http://twitpic.com/4jmeh Oh yeah. Apple Juice  I'm such a rebel!
ID	2	listening to my future roomie speak in chapel
ID	3	@timhahnproject Heh.  When I moved into my house Pius was having a pep rally, so there was cheering and a band.
ID	3	in ten minutes shopping   demi lovato-back around demi lovato-behind enemy lines have you all seen the titanic 2 trailer? its really good!
ID	3	Happy Star Wars Day. MAY THE 4TH BE WITH YOU
ID	3	@gfalcone601 you happy that Frankies back from France  xx
ID	2	@rocketheartx YES SHE WANTS A COOKIE. SO DO I. ESPECIALLY THAT ONE THAT ARCHIE GOT FROM COOKIE ) ... RP?  mark the date
ID	3	@mariannemarlow It is a drink but they have a trainer brand too.. http://www.office.co.uk/brand/babycham/8 &lt;&lt;have a look
ID	3	says HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOMS OUT THERE!  http://plurk.com/p/stezd
ID	3	I love how two of my favorite shows have the same acronym  lol.
ID	2	@MattyOsborn YIKEYSSS!!  I'M HARMLESS REALLY!! JUST WANT SOME ATTENTION FROM BRODY!!!
ID	2	@wendywings Just hoping you're ok, sincerely concerned
ID	3	@howie_d awww glad to know Little Sweet D and Leigh are doing good...thanks for the updates Howie
ID	3	@jeg007jeg yay  coutch:couch
ID	4	going to the lumberjack party
ID	3	currently munching on baby carrots! nom nom nom nom...
ID	3	Haha how exciting  wat does it look like?!
ID	2	I honestly hate what I have said to some ppl sometimes. sorry for makin an ass of myself to anyone.
ID	3	@danameller Aww, thanks!
ID	3	thinks SG is wonderful
ID	3	watching this african music show on the tele  me loves ittttt
ID	3	@IvoryValentine have you seen &quot;The Fifth Element&quot;? makes &quot;super green&quot; a lot funnier
ID	3	@KevinRButters Excellent then Chiang Mai is definitely a possible next vacation stop! thanks for the info.
ID	3	And now the crazy is all gone.
ID	3	about to take my mum out for jewellery shopping and a coffee for mothers day
ID	2	Packing for Florida  What's the liquids in a carry-on rule - 3 or 4 oz? Haven't flown in over a year
ID	3	show time baby! bye bye for now Tweeters
ID	3	Well it would seem that you can enter nine 0s if you are an Individual without a SSN/ITIN or EIN according to Apple.  Hurray!
ID	3	it's after 3 AM.!!  I think it's time to bed.!!  have a good night twitts.! ;))
ID	3	@cityslipper wellll...... only 2 that will feed me   the others were mainly shade loving native wildflowers.
ID	2	@jadeofjades  I Hope You're Okay.Do What Beyonce Do...
ID	0	they tryna get me 2 sing on mic n i said NO NO NOOOOOOOO
ID	1	they tryna get me 2 sing on mic n i said NO NO NOOOOOOOO
ID	2	Waiting in line for the Beast with Matthew.    I won't be riding.
ID	3	@howie_d thats good to know, and I bet he looks just like you.
ID	2	That kids is what you get when you leave your computer unattended, when you have non-trustworthy company...
ID	2	@victoriastrauss you know, i would love to see 5 lies editors believe about writers. #justsayin
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/33hus that's my baby
ID	2	i miss you tooooo  you arent too far! *A*
ID	3	Sooooo glad Stone Creek Coffee is following me!  I *love* their atmosphere!
ID	3	Watching HG-TV....and a cute carpenter guy  woo hoo!
ID	3	Zapatos for trashcan nachos and then an epic night
ID	0	@_handz_ well you know those &quot;kind of guys&quot; are just idiots
ID	1	@_handz_ well you know those &quot;kind of guys&quot; are just idiots
ID	3	After seeing Star Trek again, I noticed they went a little crazy with the lens flare.
ID	3	@misssprintcup http://twitpic.com/4w06l - LOVE IT! U have a great job!!
ID	4	Awww I wonder when ima get married. Shawna and Damon are so cute
ID	3	home; just had yogurt factory, i love yogurt  also hung with my uncle and lucy
ID	3	There we go... apparently I wasn't properly setting the DateTime from a Twitter response before.  Need a test for that!
ID	3	The mothers day classic went really well, despite the cold 5.30am start
ID	3	Holy Crap EMS stasher rain jacket you are my new best friend!
ID	3	@iggypintado Thanks  Will Do
ID	2	i'm about to munch on some more high calorie things!  they keep my brain working
ID	2	@weirdFishes you're very welcome! I love reviewing free apps as much as downloading/using them!
ID	3	just got home from dinner and am really really full. my mom said my dad bought me a sony a200k? holyyyyyyy
ID	3	great song  http://bit.ly/evluw
ID	3	@MissLDN What was the compiment? I'm glad you're having a good time.
ID	3	@DiscoStarChild hahaha n I'm a do the same for u
ID	3	@jtimberlake Went to your resteraunt in NYC, it was aaaaaaaaaamazing
ID	3	@guitarcat213 Yes we both do win!
ID	3	I miss @CharlieOver9000 I love that boy.
ID	3	@__Jasper_Hale__ *Laughs* that's because I like winning
ID	3	@CloneCommander *Everything* is better with lightsabers
ID	3	@howie_d you're gonna take good care of that little baby and he's gonna be a strong boy, that's for sure
ID	3	My birthday is a week from today!
ID	3	@NeilMcDaid looks class the water splash looks so real  looking forward to my review copy ;)
ID	3	@PerezRevenge Aww ya not showing off all us mums should be proud of ours kids and let everyone know it
ID	3	@LGDADON it makes perfect sense. I guess i am very down to earth. Thanks for your reply
ID	3	OMG brings me back to my High School Days!  ? http://blip.fm/~5ygpg
ID	3	@SaraBareilles just the mere fact that you twittered and someone read it, then it matters p.s. love your song Gravity
ID	3	Nina's High: Hanging out with Ninah and Taylor all day! theyre AWESOME  and getting to go home tomorrow to see my MOM  Nina's Low: NADA
ID	3	@blueobsidian Always a good idea.
ID	3	@heidimontag It was wonderful, just home from a wedding. I love it   How was youre's?
ID	3	....ok, sOooooooooo I DID that!! i've got u in the palm of my hand
ID	3	@DanWarp: Loved it!  Would never have thought he was into the iCarly version of Beanie Babies. xD
ID	4	@KausarAzam  Hew how u been????Srry I haven't posted a vid in forever,I feel guilty lol,so in the next few days hopefully
ID	3	haaah, making the card for mothers day,  and listening to musicc
ID	2	@DRESINATRA that's dope!  stay out of trouble
ID	3	@adamdon lol, get to your bed
ID	2	Kinda doing nothing. Life is boring. I feel like changing my look. Let's go shopping tomorrow
ID	3	get it right! I think I am obsessed with Hydes' voice @_@  I've chosen a guitar song to learn for the summer! Time to perfect picking!
ID	3	can't wait for Daughtry's new album! Ack. Two more months!!!
ID	3	@vogonpoetry42 At least there's no denying nerd is part of it!
ID	0	Another loser: @meekakitty I hate you...LOST THE GAME #lostthegame  http://tinyurl.com/r8erc8
ID	1	Another loser: @meekakitty I hate you...LOST THE GAME #lostthegame  http://tinyurl.com/r8erc8
ID	3	Thanks so much to everyone who came out to Speakeasy last night! What a hit. Wonderful to see you all having fun! June will be awesome.
ID	4	I meant mamas
ID	3	I'm making my mommy her Mother's day present, I love her
ID	2	Watching my bro play footyball
ID	2	Time to get purrtty. *wink*
ID	3	waiting for JONAS to come on
ID	3	@howie_d Aaaww!! That's so good to know, I'm glad James is doing great  We LOVE you guys! KIsses from Venezuela!
ID	3	Well that sucked except for the company I had. Go Kelly.
ID	2	@peechXXXX  http://bit.ly/SjNAx If he is saying something I don't fully understand, please let me know.
ID	3	success! another paper demolished! the rock god lives on! 2 more...well, 1.5 to go. Yes!!! out to celebrate awesomeness ...
ID	3	Psyched for Mother's day at the GKR party--and teaching mom and dad about baseball
ID	3	Next to my birthday- Mother's Day is my favorite day of the year.  The one day I don't feel guilty for slacking just a little.   Aaaahh...
ID	3	Perfect day: flute quartets in the morning, web marketing in the afternoon with Barrie, and Star Trek in the evening
ID	3	Watching next day air
ID	3	PROUD 2 BE A MOTHER  I HAVE MY SON &amp; HIS COUISN OVER SPENDING A NITE, IT'S A BOYZ NITE, &amp; THEY DRIVING ME CRAZY BUT I LUV EM..
ID	3	Belting Next to Normal is a fabulous evening choice
ID	3	@allearsdeb http://twitpic.com/4w0yj - wow, fancy!
ID	3	Spending the first night in my new place!
ID	3	i decided that myspacee is wayy better
ID	3	@HuniB Neep a nap-take a nap - respect ur body love
ID	3	@BADSenoritaa when u do get at me i will show u all the hotspots there is no where i dont kno when it comes to shoppin here lol
ID	3	baked a cake &amp; watching a movie.
ID	2	@datalore_tv I hope Shatner didnt address that message to philosophers. Were doomed if they stopped thinking
ID	3	watching Cavs game. LeBron James, my newest love!  36 pts for Cavs, 17 by LeBron!
ID	3	@max2sky I  have a visual.  I'm smiling.    see
ID	3	@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/4vuuy - thats the most colorful thing ive seen all day,wow.
ID	3	Photo: I like da cooolooorss and the composition is great  scribkin: http://tumblr.com/xyb1qw8cb
ID	2	Tooth ache...but still sipping lol at the fam. Partyyyy
ID	3	@CinnamonCloud well you'll ether have to buy the DVD or wailt till july to see the Secret Episode!!   Episode 13!
ID	2	just getting off of work for the day! Hope everyone has a wonderful mother's day tomorrow! Hope you enjoy ur cheesecakes too!
ID	3	@_chloe yes! it's on youtube  its from may 7th, and it made me feel 100x better. it's halarious.
ID	3	Just got up from a nap.. Relaxing for the night
ID	3	@miniatus Well thank you darling...it was a pleasure shopping with you...you will see the first pics!
ID	3	oh man had great nap (still alittle tired) having pizza for dinner.
ID	3	@specialk0478 yeah she's part lab, part spaniel.. all energy hehe but i love her to death
ID	3	@elengrey Yay!  Lucky!  What'd you do?
ID	3	twitter fam, i`m about to hop back on AIM i went ghost on y`all lolz sowwy
ID	3	Boy is all graduated!  So proud of him!
ID	3	@JRKNaughtyNurse Yep, @thespunkyone that B-Day kiss is gonna happen, right @JonathanRKnight
ID	3	@lancegross http://twitpic.com/4vd89 - such a good looking cpl!! can't wait to see what kind of kids y'all will have!
ID	0	@jareason There's nothing good on tonight anyway!!   #Sigjeans
ID	1	@jareason There's nothing good on tonight anyway!!   #Sigjeans
ID	3	just finished watching &quot;Role Models&quot; (hilarious), and debating whether to go to 251. Hmmm...
ID	3	@johncmayer heylo johnn (: im a huge fan. hope ur day is awesomee. cuzz im home sick and its kinda less than awesome.. anyways.. PEACE
ID	3	Went shopping a lil... I deserve it... And now a night on the town in the big city of Norfolk
ID	0	Wow... my god the whole UI is sooo much snappier. It's more responsive than TweetDeck now!  Tweets feel like IMs lol
ID	1	Wow... my god the whole UI is sooo much snappier. It's more responsive than TweetDeck now!  Tweets feel like IMs lol
ID	3	@kamiNcali Oh, no need to stop. I could use the ego boost.
ID	0	@rorschachsgirl Yeah--those pants are horrible!  Yeah--my wife loves the job.  She loves performing and kids, so it's a good environment.
ID	1	@rorschachsgirl Yeah--those pants are horrible!  Yeah--my wife loves the job.  She loves performing and kids, so it's a good environment.
ID	3	I wish I can see clips of your show that you hosted. Hottie Shawn in the 80's! and yes your still a Hottie!
ID	3	Spending quality time with my family! God knows I need this right now...
ID	4	If you save these pix from the Today show please credit www.wireimage.com Thanks
ID	3	@SarahRoseteER happy early mothers day!!!!
ID	4	@kurliedoc poor grace!!! You need to date a cute male nurse.
ID	3	@elysion32  I am here to make friends.. real life, internet.. what ever level people are comfortable with..
ID	3	walked over 140 blocks today. then ate a delicious black &amp; white cookie.
ID	3	Ha ha ha @yoko71 I know! Love it! Love him!
ID	3	Sometimes i feel pathetic going to bed so early. Oh well.  i TOTALLY get clam chowder tomorrow! =D
ID	3	Haven't been on in foreverr!  Almost happy mother's dayy. Yay. :]
ID	3	Enjoying d view @ sg flyer
ID	4	ok shopping was far too fun ~ unpacking the bags now
ID	4	@RedHotCopy I fell asleep on a plane watching Frost/Nixon - hope it works out better for you than it did for me
ID	3	@jimmymcdonald Let me know how that turns out!!
ID	3	This feeling inside me, Oh it sends me sky high...
ID	3	The Goonies. Projected. On a garage door. With my friends. Amazing.
ID	2	@jeffpower What are you reading?
ID	2	ops   that lol wasnt supposed to got to twitter
ID	3	@EverRaven I figured you'd be bouncing about it
ID	3	@howie_d ...I'm so happy for you guys! COngratulations!
ID	3	good luck tonight boy
ID	3	saw Hannah Montana Movie today!! was the best!!!!!! was AWESOMEEEEEE!!!!!!  Hannah  and Miley RockS! lol
ID	3	At the @drakkardnoir concert! I hope @SongzYuuup makes a guest appearance
ID	2	resting had a whole day of walking
ID	2	@_handz_ it was quiet.... unfortunatly but what the hell it's good the chill out too right?
ID	3	New Twitter coolness: conversations with neighbors (http://is.gd/ybd0) during a thunderstorm.
ID	3	@tenotch awesome, I'm glad you like it.  FYI - Platinum Notes 3.0 should be out as a free upgrade this summer
ID	3	just had a bbq... YUM im full now
ID	3	@ryan_leslie I love the video!! You are inspiration Mr. Leslie, can't wait for the new album still rocking the debut.
ID	2	@coolzebras They open at 9 a.m.   And I hope to be there shortly after that.   No guarantees for me though!
ID	2	@mamapigeon I be ok, you?
ID	2	@The_Tech_Update Do you know your Nutty Newsire twitterfeed ones are coming through w/o links? I can't be lazy without the links...LOL
ID	3	@EugeniaChavez http://twitpic.com/4w1gg - love it
ID	3	I completely forgot it was mothersday today.. Lol  Happy mothersday to all of you beautiful mums out there!
ID	3	@mde Glad to hear you made it out, I hear that place used to be it's own country  Looking forward to your arrival!
ID	3	@sexinstilettos NICE TO TWEET U
ID	4	Slept in, woke up with an iced coffee, lazed about &amp; went out for a late lunch with the BF. It's been a sweet little laid-back Saturday.
ID	3	Pool, alcohol, &amp; a cute band, couldn't ask for more on a Saturday night  #fb http://twitpic.com/4w1rr
ID	2	Pretty  is it long or short? Sparkly or shiny? Lol
ID	3	@SweetWifey Her new cd is lovely.
ID	2	@robdyrdek You know, there are just some things that shouldn't be seen. That's sure as hell, one of 'em. lol
ID	3	1 surprise party today, 2 parties tomorrow.  FunFunFun! But, need to finish bug project. O_O
ID	3	I &lt;3 Owl City.
ID	3	@iamkeshia happy birthday keshia, keshia, bo beshia
ID	3	wow, nothing like a sale to perk up a girl's evening, huh!
ID	4	Just finished mowing the lawn.
ID	3	@Turch Aww, congrats to the family. ;) Send me piccies in the email!
ID	3	05/30 - first session  yay me!
ID	3	@Prince_Aries Me and that person have something in common then! LOL jk....
ID	3	@lilcdawg its because we run on CPT!!!
ID	2	Ok peeps...I'm not crazy...I was twittering 2 someone but had no idea how 2 direct msg from my cell! Blonde moment!
ID	3	big ups sister #1 for calling in too
ID	3	@NJE112 hey mate fancy finden you on hea
ID	3	Just sang &quot;Shine&quot; by Newsboys in the car with @hollyewallace Holla!
ID	2	@ATL_Da_Realest hehe hell. I'm finna qet to drankin DAMNIT.
ID	3	@OfficialBgizzle  Whaaaaaaaaaat?!  Thas HOT B!    Super nice!
ID	3	Less than 24 hrs until GRADUATION!!! Going out tonight to celebrate
ID	2	@michaelsheen OMG that's really good i want to see the photos! have a nice day
ID	3	@huma_rashid aww how cute  I like that song a lot
ID	2	@wearpalettes I really don't want to send it over this site....it's kinds private...
ID	3	Star Trek rocked!  It was WAY better than I expected
ID	3	going to another birthday party tonite
ID	2	Recovering from my crazy family. I love them, but they ain't got it all   I only see em a couple of times a year, so I guess I can deal.
ID	4	good morning. today is my last day of &quot;freedom&quot;. back to work tomorrow. i'm sorta stoked-not stoked. but well.
ID	3	i cooked breakfast for my mom  HAPPY
ID	2	i gots a summer job
ID	2	hanging out with my babyy
ID	3	@FirstDigg Congrats on your bike ride today.. Very impressive indeed.. Ya might be doing' the &quot;Tour De France&quot; some day
ID	3	@kkaleal my hubby's a vet, so we 'get' that animals are like children!! all the best! hope ur biz is going well
ID	3	Only six hours left of being 15
ID	3	@Iamme828 No becuz we're being honest! Lets look at the big picture..my happy ending with the smile on my face
ID	3	Eatin nachos watchin the game.!  all i gOtta say is LebrOn is a Beast. ! dO anybOdy feel me.?
ID	2	@eeshkapeesh Aw, sorry E. :/ I hope it looks up for you (lame ear) And there's always next year! Crap. Lamer ear :/ Fail. Uhh..Love ya E!
ID	3	I love you MOM!
ID	3	LOL. My moms present cost 69 dollars.
ID	3	@thespunkyone So then Fuckin Awesome Super Sexy Stud Muffin Beast, How's that sound to you @JonathanRKnight
ID	3	@fotojen @halgriffin hope you guys are having fun!  Can't wait for ya'll to be back, Wilmy isn't the same without you
ID	4	@Sobbee Naw.. it was pretty tame. Only 1 guy in costume.. a Voyager-style &quot;medical&quot; uni. Disappointed there weren't any more in costume.
ID	3	@artcon http://twitpic.com/4vfcx - awesomeeeeee
ID	3	is STILL sick. But still loves revenge and the possibility of more revenge to come
ID	4	I'm in VA for the weekend, my youngest son turns 2 tomorrow......it makes me kinda sad, he is getting so big, check out my twipics
ID	3	wishes @ashleytisdale would admit she has a new lovah
ID	3	I'm feeling better now that I have something in my tummy
ID	3	CSI NY comes back to aus with 'sex, lies and silicone' (s05e04) EVRYONE ON EAST COAST TUNE IN TONIGHT  pleaseee
ID	2	@CHAUNDON SON! WTF?? She just bit holes in the damn bread!!! Who does that?? Why has God forsaken me?? why?
ID	2	@flamingokitty *hugs* me not sad really, me just messing
ID	3	Just came back from hanging out with some friends + cocktails. &lt;3 I'm not drunk, but feeling good.  Hope everyone's well?
ID	3	Loving the cairns clan
ID	4	@yourfaveblonde I could have! I had extra tickets. Plus we had two Twitter Giveaways  We'll get you next time.
ID	3	Relaxing after a busy week and a tedious Saturday . . .
ID	2	Lil Kim ;  Download omq ; i think i like that sonqq noww lol .
ID	2	@retrorewind can you play I Wish by Jordan Knight
ID	3	@gvesenka I hope for a speedy recovery for you!
ID	3	@hellocupcake84 Well I'm trying to get rid of a lot of my stuff.  You could come over and pillage.
ID	3	is learning how to play Waiting for Love by P!nk on acustic guitar!  epic
ID	3	@theDebbyRyan Just left you a message! Hope you get it
ID	3	finished eating sushi with ladiez  getting shwasteddddddddd**
ID	3	definitely ready for a plate of pancakes.
ID	3	me &amp; kelly share the same last name, wouldnt that be sweet if we were related  @TheEllenShow
ID	3	Family is here,hanging with them
ID	3	phew!  made it thru the return of babysitting!
ID	3	&quot;you can ride one, you can catch one, but its not summer til you pop open one&quot;  ?
ID	4	At the apartment, nothin to do, a little hungry  http://myloc.me/Fim
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the Mums
ID	3	In a really Good mood for absolutely no reason  tee her
ID	2	Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there!
ID	3	@WayneDaStar oh wow THANKS Wayne
ID	2	I wonder if I should put a bet on Cubs winning world series in 2015 due to BTTF II. I'd love it if it actually happens.  Me = geek
ID	3	Geesh 5 days straight (he's not the boy-nside joint) LOL .....headed with @missdanibaby and then go c BF
ID	3	Had a nice pre mother's day dinner out. Now a cocktail before retiring for the evening
ID	3	@mallz Thanx love
ID	2	@gregfairbanks They better not be out when I get there.  I NEED MY FIX!
ID	2	Rewarding myself with dinner at American Dream pizza on the rooftop terrace. Perfection  got 7 pages done on the prospectus!!
ID	3	Scratch that. Now we're watching 'marley and me'. Thinking I could stay awake better for this one.
ID	3	@K_night4me *HUGS*  i'm sure they will
ID	2	@animesnob yeah i checked it, pretty nice site
ID	3	Happy Mother's day to MOMMY
ID	3	@jojowright http://twitpic.com/4w24f - ooh, nice score, jojo!
ID	3	@kyladreams aw you're the shit  thanks so much for the twitter loveeee. i appreciate every last drop
ID	3	Love story on loop for the past 30 minutes. I love this song.. It makes me happy, like this!
ID	3	Glad to see @Nigellamb and more Red Bull Air Racers here keeping us in the loop
ID	3	@ForetDeMichelle you don't need my physical presence, you have my energy already!!!
ID	3	Adventures with jamie and bethhh
ID	3	My three-day weekend starts now.  Was gonna watch Star Trek, but opted to go another night instead.
ID	3	@lyndons think yourself lucky!  I also broke  all my fingers at school when a window sash broke with my fingers like pancakes on the sill
ID	2	i am promsing miiself im not goin to hurt miiself for the rest of the day...wow that will be a miricle if it happens  lol
ID	3	Ok we found our way now... I think  tonight let's just let go its dance time!
ID	3	@Franca Honored to tweet ya...
ID	3	Uh, happy mother's day mum.
ID	3	everyone follow @FollowMandy and @FollowSavvy ! they are amazing
ID	2	Tomorrow's mother's day. I need to get all my crap together soon.. Noor left, It was fun  it's been NINE months!
ID	4	Nanay cried after reading the card I gave her. Hugged her and next thing I knew, I was crying, too! Haha We're such cry babies. Love her.
ID	3	@paulwingz nothinbg home about to jump in the shower the streets is calling meeeeeeee  @STEFFSOFLII what is it 4 tonight @COKEbabyy tell m
ID	2	@psuperstar the problem is, superstars always deliver huge files! too much energy pixels
ID	3	going to see star trak expecting noting but amazing
ID	3	Night of the cookers with my dad
ID	3	@Ja101 Makes me wish I had dogs instead of cats!
ID	3	Alexander Ovechkin is definitely my new favorite NHL player
ID	2	@shelby_says ha ha funny
ID	3	and we're off  to OT !! exciting game like always
ID	3	@InnyVinny why thank you!  u out tonight?
ID	3	chillin with my bros and a couple of yeunglings   doesn't get much better than this
ID	0	@Jorge924 you might also want to include &quot;never wear a moonwolf&quot; to that
ID	1	@Jorge924 you might also want to include &quot;never wear a moonwolf&quot; to that
ID	3	KMF going smoothly so far. Free stuff is always a plus.
ID	3	Playing pacman on itouch!  lol
ID	3	pythonkings.nl    equals ----&gt;       almost better than the sims....
ID	3	At the reception eating some nasty ass pasta Woot! But other than that its beautiful!
ID	3	@Mariah1221 oh n shouldn't you be shopping for a lovely gift for your delightful mother.
ID	3	Happy mother's day nfty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ID	3	@jcpwee JACKSON RATHBONE!
ID	2	@esoterismo My Dad told me music that has the power to heal the soul. Sure is true of yours
ID	0	cant wait to eat
ID	1	cant wait to eat
ID	3	@hnnhmllr lmao! You baked non-stop? Sounds like yummy fun!
ID	3	Feeling smooth like chrome
ID	3	Fun at the water park then dinner at the rainforest cafe (all free!) then party tonight  pretty good Saturday I think.
ID	3	Really enjoyed Star Trek - great movie, amazing special effects. Definately recommend even if your not a Trekky
ID	3	@Jonasbrothers OMJ I loved it....it was a good laugh and Frankie did a great job, and you guys did too ~Agnes
ID	4	@miss_k_renee On a Saturday? Not so cool friend. Same job  Different position! Let me know when your in town again!!! Miss U
ID	3	@crzyqbn That's awesome dude, yay for surprise celebrities!  I got to meet him a few years ago, he was soooo friendly.
ID	2	A painter paints pictures on canvas.  But musicians paint their pictures on silence  ~Leopold Stokowski
ID	3	home for the night to hang out with my mom and study
ID	3	Nothing beats spending an evening with my mom
ID	3	@lexuslady http://twitpic.com/4vdc3 - Lexus has the Twitpic! Happy mother's day to you Lexus.  I hopw it's a nice one for you.
ID	3	Healthy Wishes. I may just start saying that.
ID	4	IM FEELIN RITE.. THE MOOD FLOR TWITTER AFTER DARK...
ID	2	@TheTinyJEWELBox No, that's not right - I remember now.  You were in a fearless tweet - we were both seen as fearless.
ID	3	i just made the best turtle ice cream pie everrrrr  btw, happy (soon to be) mothers day!
ID	3	@IamTam not having your lights on concerns me! Lol! Stay safe!
ID	3	@TheRealKitCat Haha...YAY!!! I'M CURED!!!!
ID	3	@scottlava was fun meeting u today! thanks for all the doodles on the goodies i got! hope u have a super time in TO &amp; visit again soon!
ID	3	@SunnyBuns Haha, you didn't do anything wrong.
ID	3	finished proofing the wedding from March .. now just waiting for export and upload before I can share  Still have 2 more sessions to do!
ID	3	All you moms, get ready to enjoy your much-deserved special day!
ID	3	@CelestialQ good!  now let's go get this done..... www.HennesseyBlack.com
ID	2	@jasontryfon Are they abusing your service? Manual follower management is a pain. I love the style.
ID	2	@ploogle Whaat? That would seem to be a very powerful spell. Kind of tips the scale in their favor.
ID	3	@manu_preet haha one of the many reasons I love you
ID	3	@AnnCurry The photos are AMAZING! What a GREAT subject &amp; way to get people educated about Darfur! HUGS! U are an inspiring woman!
ID	3	Do you know what? I have a good little life, and I love it.
ID	3	Heading back home with a win!
ID	3	@RealBillBailey it really made my night. infact, it made my weekend! well done.
ID	3	Naps are so lovely
ID	3	such a long day, heading to bed  . iloveyou &lt;3
ID	4	im joining twitter  lol
ID	3	@Pranajama I've never been to Prague, but if i had the money, it'll be in the 10 first cities I visit
ID	3	@c4ss4ndr4 do I discern a request for Hulu support? excellent idea!
ID	3	watching shark boy and lava girl! on disney channel. hanging out with sarah jane, micah, &amp; rachel
ID	3	whats going on tonight?!?!?! lets partyyyyy!
ID	3	@FollowMyJourney Oh girl, get that baby going to bed at 7pm!
ID	2	@debadowling...OOOPS AGAIN, the reply button is the RIGHT of the msg...now I'll stop spamming
ID	2	@ParkerAngel this is very true about @patofnavar! but you do have to admit it was pret-ty funny! im bout to go you tube it!  lol
ID	3	@Spacegirlnz DON'T PANIC! Hehe, it will be fine. Email it to me
ID	3	Welll my folkiesss(; im offf to dream land;work in the mornin;ugh;ewwy. Talkkk to me;but tomorrow  &lt;3 lurvee ya'll[;&gt;
ID	3	Whew.... finally home after putting in some hours in the lab. Watching Catch Me if You Can and eating cheese and grapes. Good night
ID	3	@mrstreme Thanks so much! I will be back on tour soon. Two new books in the pipeline!
ID	3	i would like to see bacn.me added to tweetdeck as an option for a url shortener   tweetdeck would be even better with #bacon
ID	4	we did what we had to do
ID	3	I should have know that &quot;extra hand&quot; comment would cause trouble...  About to upload House Music and Beyond Vol. 3
ID	3	@she_writes i've been wanting it for 2 years LOL...that and a HD camcorder
ID	3	@cschug We do! Its been to long! I think i have next weekend open. When are you going to have the house warming party
ID	3	You can't take this feeling away from me&lt;3. going to lay down &amp; watch a movie.
ID	3	@Annaeeee yeah I m so happy for them that they should moved on and out there partying I m so happy
ID	3	@Vittyliu a lovely weekend thank you  Whats it like where you live? Exciting im sure  night night xx
ID	2	@13rianDavis sometimes ... you just have to write it off ... and start from the top of your tweet stream.  The past has happened
ID	3	Good morning, everyone!
ID	3	@wale I'm gonna havta temp stop fllwing u while ur talkin abt kobe bc I loveeeeeeee him &amp; I'm taking it personal and I like lebron 2.
ID	3	i absolutly love kill bill vol. 1!!! I think lucy liu is sooo gorgeous!!!!
ID	2	havent been on in awhile.  no point anyways
ID	3	at least I get to watch over time  Let's go Pens!!
ID	3	@KatjaPresnal Thanks  #sigjeans
ID	3	Sidebar: the moon is SO beautiful
ID	2	And I just left ana's. Graduation and u saw laura carlos's ex and she's still whack
ID	2	@LovelyLu I don't watch - just wish - TV's been off for months- I love it  Guess I won't win though LOL
ID	3	happpy mothers day
ID	3	@MikeHuntington oops, me and my drunken stupor lol. Ima check it out
ID	3	@Keels_90 haha agreed  LOL
ID	3	Making pork stir-fry and brown rice for dinner.
ID	3	@LexyMez Thanks so much Alex! Best wishes for the day to you and yours
ID	3	@slicefate I love the humor, I just reworded it. Like saying &quot;group therapy&quot; instead'a &quot;gang banging&quot;. Keeps my moms off my back.   Hahaha
ID	3	@Pamela010474 that is a good pic  All the guys looked good yesterday tho..don't ya think?
ID	3	i have a crush on someone!
ID	3	Subway=yum!
ID	2	@Adamfyre absolutely!
ID	3	Playing d.j in Ray's ride! On our way to have some delish sushi
ID	3	@justlikethem I would lime them. Or lemon?  And deal, sounds fabulous to me!  Text me up when you're back
ID	3	Just shot my new .22 rifle!  The auto-reset plinker target I built in shop class works great!
ID	3	@Bout14  Yeah, I only drank a little bit anyways. It definitely was the show and not the drink!!
ID	3	We are ready for the new generation!!...Oh yeah...We are a Backstreet fans and we are proud about it!!
ID	3	I lafff the rain
ID	3	@bandit_zero its cool, and thats good
ID	3	@penpen72 Haha, true  thankfully the regular keyboard does the job... most of the time.
ID	3	@GetSmart86 haha...Live long &amp; prosper. The movie was better than I thought, they did an awesome job, I'm pleased
ID	3	@MayMclean BabyLove em homenagem ao Baby D
ID	3	my dad and i totally just rocked out to the offspring-pretty fly for a white guy. haha.
ID	3	@joenoia lol to see my king
ID	3	Had to change &quot;within 50 miles&quot;, because within 25 miles were effin' BORING.
ID	3	@Medi_Ready What's you're new cite/business about?? I'd love to hear about it  Doing the same myself actually
ID	3	@MissMdMorgan thank you! Marc Jacobs thou ....love limited too
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight BTW I STILL can't believe how Awesome the NEWJABBAKIDZ performance was...U in the masks..I screamed at my pc
ID	3	whats this? a night out with @abby1ill? sounds like trouble... the good kind
ID	3	@Victoryhawk It depends if you are having fun or not...
ID	3	@HeatherHAL Thanks Heather, glad you like the dish
ID	3	@missrara  congratulations on your shirt btw!
ID	2	@OMGitsBrianna I love koda!!! He is sooo cute!!!!! You guys have that in common!!!
ID	2	fuck you is all i have to say
ID	3	Happy imma get to see some lovely ladies
ID	4	@aliceqfoodie Wow, you mom has a lot of energy. I'm getting tired just reading your tweet and ur living it.
ID	3	i forgot how much i really needed music until i barely had any for about a week. but i have music now. yay!
ID	2	needs shows before wednesay!!! oh well... come one come all... Irvine Improv live @ Gotham Showcase 8pm  lots of good comics...then me.
ID	2	@Taryll um...how long has it been since you slept?? startin to worry over here.. well i hope you are having fun... lots of love to you
ID	3	@itschelseastaub http://twitpic.com/4vp3x - *swoon* Nick looks so cute when he is serious  *faints*
ID	3	Congrats to Dave &amp; Anna! Surprise proposal at the Enzian Theater in Orlando  http://qik.com/video/1638824
ID	3	@michaelsheen Well I guess they think of everything   Thanks so much for keeping the fans in the loop
ID	3	@MoRethANHuMAn hey you! Did you get my present this morning? Hope u liked it?
ID	3	dont worry baby i'll eat sum cake for the both of us , i'll hit u up wen i get back. bye, dont eat too much at home
ID	3	@harrislacewell You are a dope mom too! Love you too!!! Now stop drinking the mom juice, stop twittering and get some rest!
ID	2	@_Esme_Cullen_  I'm taking a million songs from your blip.fm station thing. Sorry
ID	3	@E315 -. ---    .--. -... .-. --- .-.. . --   It would be better to hear that then read it, but it's a start
ID	3	@shaznyc I drink my Corona's sans the fruit.  Perhaps I'm just lazy.
ID	3	@HappySlip Happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	In bed now  tonight has been really really funny, best family ever !
ID	3	live long and prosper
ID	3	Karaoke at a small town bar. Having a wonderful time!
ID	3	Oh it is so sunny.
ID	3	@DirtyRose17  told you, you would sweep haha :-p
ID	3	@Rachel_Pengov: Extremely so! I'm in an incredible mood
ID	3	@caligone01 Thanks mama ! I absolutely adore her
ID	3	on the way to kuya jordan's house for an O's sleepover  !
ID	3	Had a brill night out with the girls - met terry christian at tv21! He was really lovely. Home to berocca and toast
ID	2	@dontspell_esl  If in doubt, wash separately   Normal concern is something fading onto the white.
ID	3	happiest girl in the world.  best weekend ever and I can't wait for next weekend either!!!  so grateful for all my blessings!
ID	4	@dannywood BTW I STILL can't believe how Awesome the NEWJABBAKIDZ performance was...U in the masks..I screamed at my pc
ID	3	@maryrivss hahaha that was funnyy!
ID	3	@gashead Prowse? I got a Christmas card of him last year.  &amp; I wish I had the money right now. Saving for an apartment
ID	3	getted crunk of budweiser with the fam bam
ID	3	live on stickam.com/itstyleryo COME CHAT!
ID	3	@ClayWalker so glad, I hope yall make it back down near New Orleans
ID	3	@jennyinmaui I just read your twitter bio. Love it. Very clever and cute. I'm all about smiles.
ID	4	@COecobroker And I still recall how helpful you were way back when as I struggled on an AR contest question...
ID	3	Yay! Bannerbomb for the Wii is finally out. I can run homebrew on my 4.0 Wii.
ID	3	@Lizzs_Lockeroom Maybe   But you start to really like a team after living 12 years in the city.  Was there for 2 Cups.  Awesome!
ID	2	@allthatglitrs21 you mum sounds so humble ! what a sweet thing to ask for
ID	3	@deauxboi LOL...he was cool! shoooooot...
ID	3	grecia! its between mood &amp; party! i wanna see him lol but we are going out fershure.
ID	3	everyone get #buckonellen one of the topic things!
ID	3	@caffeinefueled Welcome back
ID	2	Having a long island ice tea
ID	3	feels great after solving a minor but long term problem with 3ds max just now!  Maybe I should try animating the avatar after all? xD
ID	3	@xodedexo18 OMG, I get the $50 coupon from them all the time, do you?? I'm obsessed with their catalog when it comes in the mail
ID	3	Enjoyed see'n everyone last night! even tho it was a really bad night financially... Cant wait to kick it again @ the drive -ins!
ID	2	@slushy_gutter Trent wore that shirt at my show
ID	3	having a great time in kc  http://twitpic.com/4w3fi
ID	2	@kellie_apple miss you too kid i sent msg to you on yt
ID	3	@a_double as if there are any other kind  http://myloc.me/Fkl
ID	2	causee not everyone can pass the challenge test duh
ID	3	@esmeg Had one of the female servers tell her ass looks big in those pants. She will worry all night long Lol
ID	3	i just got my neighbour to sign up, follow her on @hannabornehag  xoxo
ID	3	I ? JONAS' second episode! Aww! Nick is so handsome
ID	3	@Miss_Kookie girl,rain is my song forrealll!!!
ID	4	@gheekchik hmmm...the one restaurant/one grocery is sad. not the dukbolgi.
ID	3	@bendvrx no swearing ben, say 'fudge'
ID	3	@MacSheikh @GhadaLancer Thanks for the FF  I think I should start doing these too
ID	3	@missoliviaa i decided it was best for me to stay in tonight lady. i shall be in pittsburgh soon!!  (FAREWELL!!!)
ID	2	Just snuck out my window.. Now im laying on my roof looking at the stars. Its a nice night out tonight.
ID	2	@Migg But I can still putt 30 yards longer than you can hit your driver
ID	3	@IamSoMe  aw. how nice  haha
ID	2	@UncleRUSH get well soon! God is watching over you
ID	3	@princeryan No, I'm waiting for it to come to DVD. (I'm frugal.)  You saw it?
ID	3	@daniiidarko i need lele to answer meeee! Haha.
ID	4	@guilty_ Awww. So that's him. Nice attempt at hiding from the camera
ID	3	@LifeByChocolate alredy had my chocolate  it is impossible to resist ;)
ID	3	just rearranged the living room- it looks HUGE.  This is what Joe and I do on a Saturday night
ID	3	&quot;...you'll never have to be alone; i love you, and that's all i really know...&quot;
ID	3	Happy Mothers day to all you Mums out there
ID	0	@mitch4103 And with it, I can be online even after I have to log off habbo
ID	1	@mitch4103 And with it, I can be online even after I have to log off habbo
ID	2	@GabrielCarrejo sorry my friend ... but @intel is paying the mortgage!
ID	2	Nyappy mother's day to your mom's.
ID	0	@LouisPagan @Raul_Ramos Txs so much for #followfriday...i have been so MIA recently...work is killing me! Hope you r doing funtastic
ID	1	@LouisPagan @Raul_Ramos Txs so much for #followfriday...i have been so MIA recently...work is killing me! Hope you r doing funtastic
ID	3	Working security for the club tonight. First time working it in about a month. Should be interesting. Oh, and hi Kelsenator!
ID	2	@Sophie_Lhoste Thanks you so much for following me on Twitter; I hope you find it as exciting as I do! Looking forward to your tweets!
ID	2	@chupacharged you drank it on the sly, didn't you and that's why you're asking. I know how you are
ID	3	@AndyBradbury thanks so much....I'm so glad I have a productive, loving, happy, law abiding, assisting others.....son!
ID	3	knocked up is sooo godamn funny. never gets old  &quot;you're tupac. you're biggie.&quot; lol
ID	3	@archuletachick lol i know! I was like oh ya tough guy!
ID	3	heading to Kitsilano for a BBQ  this weather is b.e.a... UTIFUL!! x
ID	3	had such a fun time with allegra tonite!!! we saw 17again!! good movie
ID	3	headed to the beach with puppy maverick hugs and much aloha
ID	2	@imjstsayin Im doing ok.  I have a 15 year old going on 35 that is driving me crazy, but that comes with the territory, I guess.
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4w3he The pretty flowers john mains brought the ladies 2nite!
ID	3	going to see star trek with my babe  im actually excited about this hah
ID	3	@digital_geisha @savasavasava  For reals. It's lovely being around someone so refreshingly analog in his interests
ID	2	@eamobile I apparently have crappy typing skills...lol sorry
ID	3	@RClapham Well we'll have to organize one for when you can get down, can't guarantee no oldies though
ID	4	a successful shopping day
ID	2	my mum would be happy to receive 2 handbags and a card from us today. heheee.
ID	3	Viviann's all minee. Yummm
ID	3	@sweeti20 thanks  i make ur job a little less crappier every day!
ID	3	the mum's cake is done.. now i need make a good luch and tomorrow will be an amazing Mum' day
ID	3	Right now at my second gig !!! Sippinn on guess whut ? Water  we sta focused we are on the job
ID	4	Back then I didn't know why you were misunderstood. So now I see thru ur eyes, all that u did was love. Mama, I love you
ID	3	On my way to see star trek
ID	3	Off to see my lovely mum  Then maybe star trek!
ID	2	Off To The Movies With Abby (Who I Have Not Seen In FOREVER) To See Star Trek. L8er Twitter Folk
ID	3	Sulumits Retsambew is thinking: A billion here, a billion there, pretty soon it adds up to real money.
ID	2	sorry for taking over twitter with my i-can't-sleepness
ID	4	@vonstroke Heidi just finished her set at Stiff Kitten with Aundy
ID	3	@FSBigBob He's gonna do it for mothers day  Ever notice Papa looks like Squiggy from Laverne snd Shirley. I love him.
ID	3	Has no idea wtf Twitter is about but willing to give it a go!  Going out for a bit!
ID	3	Aw! Tear! I feel special to da family.  Haha thanks girls i love yal
ID	2	is ONLiNE  http://plurk.com/p/stjdg
ID	3	Awesome night ahead: BAD v Rat City! Most of my favorite skaters on one track  #fb
ID	3	@vachan Just checked out SPB.This mobile application rocks!! has a gr8 potential going forward be a &quot;must have&quot;  4 Windows Mobile users
ID	3	just made DIY acid wash shorts! can't wait to see what they look like
ID	3	yey finally home
ID	2	@JoyofZen mmmm it all sounds tasty. i had some spiced rum earlier, yummmmmyyyy also herbs are always good although better when shared
ID	3	@ceemce Home Friday makes me  too!!!
ID	2	@Wolfie_Rankin And until soy beans have TEETS, soy &quot;milk&quot; *is not milk*.
ID	3	is closing at 10 instead of 12 yay!!  just 15 min till i can go home and talk to my lovebug!!
ID	3	@beaky22 I know! I can barely believe it's almost over! Thanks for the review, lovely!
ID	3	@deiu you guys are moving to LA?! Why so far? But we shall make a castle before you leave!
ID	3	@itouchiphone thanks got it will contact you if i am having troubles!Thanks
ID	3	responding to more questions at Thou Shall Blog! I appreciate this community.
ID	3	: experiencing the unique #Winnipeg tradition known as &quot;the social&quot;. Trying to pace myself.
ID	3	not letting anyone get me down  tired of taking on other people's pain all the time! I am a happy person with or without drama... om.....!
ID	3	eating nothing, drinking water, about to watch a movie, join me?
ID	3	Home from work
ID	3	the play's over, it was really good
ID	3	@tararizing so i'll excuse your love for the Cavs and the west, even though I don't share it!
ID	3	@juicystar007 together
ID	2	Exhausted after coming home from a swim this morning! It's more tiring than I remember! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
ID	4	@santojay They assume you won't be able to afford traveling anymore now that you've got a contract with them
ID	3	thx for the tip.  how did you figure that one out?
ID	3	@Kohmahts ReTweeting's my favorite.    #palin
ID	3	I am officially a kindergarten cop
ID	3	This is the last time to get it right...  hello loves....
ID	3	@MichaelHotaling Thanks for the thoughts... Unfortunatly it didn't work out like we hoped... ah well. The paintings were beautiful.
ID	3	@tonyrobbins Thanks for the reminder Tony
ID	3	@MCFAN247 Glitter, she sings on it!
ID	3	Boredddddd Follower @meryreino Shes AMAZING!!  *Broken*
ID	3	Relaxing at home, loving my mom
ID	2	That's how you go from series to season. The days of being an elite team are over in Dallas. EPL Derby Day tomorrow. Tell me what I miss.
ID	2	now watching kill bill vol. 1  i love movies so much.
ID	3	Home from gallery opening in Woodstock, NY. Frined had work on display.  Much great, cool and interesting art to be seen.
ID	3	@emilmor it was fun  Ate at mas.Thanks!!  Good luck w/ ur showing tomorrow.
ID	3	Chillen with Csla.. Waiting to start.. Watchin pacquiao rerun..
ID	3	@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/4qpzx - i love you guys  you're the best
ID	4	I have the best Brother-in-law in the World. He just sent me Twilight Blue ray gift set. Now if I only had a blue ray player
ID	3	woke up from napping  finally got the sleep i needed
ID	3	@LILJIZZEL hahaha! YES I AM!  Lil Jon is the freakin jizzle! U know I named my 1st puppy after u? Lil Jizzle...remember? LOL...xoxox
ID	3	making more muffinsss, wheat jerm AANNNDD psyillium husk
ID	3	@mistressmia Their is no such thing as TRANSPARENCY only selective OPACITY...
ID	3	In the car on the way home from the mall. I got four new adorable items of clothing that I am really excited about!
ID	0	@johncmayer You know we dont believe half of what they say
ID	1	@johncmayer You know we dont believe half of what they say
ID	3	Almost dun choreographing the dance
ID	3	Very very interesting night in Defiance to say the least... but hey, I got 'Guys and Dolls' for free!
ID	2	@Paul_Coleman Looks a little too &quot;fried&quot; for me, but you have fun with that, Paul!
ID	3	@jennywoo42 we had bbq chicken pizza last night! (although it wasn't deep dish   glad to hear you had fun in p.r.!!
ID	3	@SafiG Lol..Wat was Vibes doin on Atlantic? &amp; where's ur shirt in your twitter pic? lol
ID	3	@LILJIZZEL I GOT UR BACK @ BABY!! much love to ya!
ID	2	Thank you, Gerbino, for forcing us starting junior year to make survey mockups. Let me tell you how super helpful this skill has been.
ID	2	Leaving the beach .. Having a great day with vicente .. We needed this time together
ID	3	went swimming with the fam for over 2 hours! we're a little toasty
ID	3	@teacherPaddy hey Padster...it's a dirt track.  thx for the info! I got 3 miles in
ID	3	is having a jam session in her room and then seeing star trek...again
ID	3	@konghee Have a good time with Sun &amp; Dayan there at NY!
ID	3	@TheMadModel Soooo happy your back!
ID	3	woot, just won http://www.wowhead.com/?item=40328 for my tanking set, when the offspecs were allowed to roll, i got a 100
ID	3	Guess what? mom adopted a kitty today (11 months) His name is Corky
ID	2	Hmmm.. If I skip the grocery store and head to Walmart, I could potentially leave with so much more.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day! She liked the poem.
ID	3	is excited!  http://plurk.com/p/stk04
ID	3	@NKANGEL74 Sweet! Thanks!
ID	2	just got home from a partyyyy. had a good time. can't wait for my birthday in 7 days!
ID	3	@mynameismo You too - hope your day was good!
ID	3	check it out check it out check it out.
ID	3	@mcr_chick haha. I completely agree
ID	3	Ben I Love yahh babe &lt;333! i miss you hope to see u tomorrow  Mommy i love  you tomorrow happy mothers day! happy mother day to all moms!
ID	3	On my shoot with Ron and Torey! Have lots of fun
ID	3	listening to some music!
ID	3	@theellenshow @KalebNation twilightguy.com kalebnation.com youtube.com/kalebnation PUT HIM ON THE SHOW! Sry for spamming but we love him
ID	2	just found two very moldy and squishy reasons why non cracker based foods aren't allowed in the play room. When mom's away...
ID	3	Had a little romantic date with suzy in uptown
ID	4	@lanceschmidt Yeah I was kinda bummed, but tell them I'm gonna miss them too! I loved your class! You guys made student teaching fun.
ID	2	@iPhoneAppAttack I thought it was pretty good! I'm not a die hard Trekkie either.
ID	3	Ooooo! I'm lovin the First Lady's fuschia sheath dress! Tres chic! I want her arms!
ID	3	The usual. Two family parties today. Happy Birthday Lily!  http://twitpic.com/4w472
ID	3	Thx everyone for all the mothers day tweets and sms'
ID	3	@mbm88 ahhh I'm drinking some too!! And bride wars is really good
ID	3	@scodal  yeah I saw, looks like hard work, But I would know  whats upp handsome
ID	3	Chocolate milk and subway. MMM
ID	2	Wait...I thought it was 9:50? Don't we have till 10?   #sigjeans
ID	3	@Joviswillow Loved those books   Did you read The Host?  Amazing storyteller.
ID	0	My goodness! Another hit, another run!!!
ID	1	My goodness! Another hit, another run!!!
ID	3	@Hogman49 thank you! I really appreciate that babe
ID	3	Woo hoo! My happiness score is 612. Apparently I am over-the-top happy. Considering the week I've had....
ID	3	Watching Miley Cyrus on youtube!
ID	3	@nancyisgold hahahaha! i laughed my ass off just now. thanks
ID	3	@michaelsheen can't wait to see.  i hear you are a pretty HOT Aro.
ID	3	as landice said; &quot;uhmazing.&quot; you are all uhtterly uhmazing.   - helenuh.
ID	3	@bobbyrettew  That makes my day so much better, it's been a rough one. Did I mention I love the new photo!
ID	3	looong day! 8 houuurs of work, then a 5 minute shower, then back out with shane, and now here  man, i can hear my bed calllling a bunch!
ID	3	@spiritequality lol well, RBI IS the one that schooled me on the art of djing when I was a teen. I call him my Jedi Master.
ID	2	@mattmoreno I really like miller park too  too bad the cubs aren't leading, hopefully they can get it together soon
ID	3	Itt's the BIG TIME Saturday night  Playing Canasta then a movie then...Psych homework?  Stay shiny and love everybody!!
ID	3	At the fashion show supporting my allison
ID	3	@NLiukin hey i know ya dont know me but i wanted to say yopu have helped me a lot i was over in iraq and i wanted to thank you
ID	3	The sun is out here in Melbourne! Happy Mothers Day to all the mums out there
ID	0	Come on guys tell me how much your theater charges!!! I want to know if mine is fair and/or average!  Me and hubby are having a discussion
ID	1	Come on guys tell me how much your theater charges!!! I want to know if mine is fair and/or average!  Me and hubby are having a discussion
ID	3	happy mothers day
ID	3	@GeorgiaPrincez No but I just checked and got it LOL. You are ok! I went live for a few minutes and everything is fine.
ID	3	Home from Ghosts of Girlfriends past with my lovely luddite  Not exactly high theatre, but a good date movie!
ID	3	@parislisbonne I'm glad you liked it   Want more?
ID	2	@SongzYuuup good,get some rest MONEYMAKER
ID	3	@natashabrown brad's face when he saw that gift is priceless!! Thnx Nat!
ID	4	Pappadeux has some yummy strawberry lemonade
ID	3	haircut as short as possible, even change color , new me
ID	4	i'm causing trouble with my partner in crime.
ID	3	Awe My Mommy Just Said She Loves The Cat  Meow. Apparentlly The Cat Cried When HE Was Born.
ID	3	@OhshiiiNikki were gonna go crazy before you leave
ID	3	is enjoying family time. Hoping to be able to make a graceful exit and enjoy some friend time soon
ID	3	@felixcau Hehe
ID	3	Today is my first Mothers Day with my little boy. Hope you're having a beautiful Mothers Day too
ID	3	waiting for the plane at the airport   so exited bout going to tasmania see ya when i get back
ID	4	I am sitting at the computer eating grapes  it's hailing outside! o: I MISS SUMMER.
ID	3	@girlygirl007 Well done! Happy for ya.
ID	0	(@courtneynewton) OMG SHUT UP!!! (sorry. still venting at that person who's annoying me. It's none of you, I swear  )
ID	1	(@courtneynewton) OMG SHUT UP!!! (sorry. still venting at that person who's annoying me. It's none of you, I swear  )
ID	3	Happy morning to everyone!
ID	3	@AshleyTaylor_x3 you are too sweet girl!! My food was soooo good
ID	3	i always have 2 do xtra cleaning b4 leaving... so now were on da road  on 2 springhill suites, then cafe 360, yum!
ID	2	@Late2thePartee feeling any better hon?
ID	2	@Paigex3 hah yeah, its that bad, not gonna lie. :o Have fun
ID	3	@ArthurFontes check out review for the movie Fighting - http://bit.ly/Fle9j Hilarious!! leave this guy a comment!
ID	3	playing my new ds lite!    Love it!
ID	3	hey my luvs! miss you all . .got the email thanks. Jglam I'll call you in a bit
ID	3	Helping Devin at his photo studio. I'm sitting back, sipping a green apple martini, and watching him assemble everything.
ID	3	about to play my first game of apple to apples!!   wish me luck...
ID	3	Dinner with the parental unit is always grand
ID	3	@amhartnett That sounds like fun
ID	3	really really getting excited!
ID	3	@agentdelblaine yeahh
ID	3	at home with her fam  see you in CoMo tomorrow!
ID	3	7 hours and many massages later, I can now spend time with my wife and son. It's mother's day ya'll. Don't forget to grab a gift or card.
ID	3	Bored, making a mothers day card
ID	4	OK - I'm out of here for now. Just popped in to say Hi and check on things. I'll probably head to the guttah later on tonight
ID	3	@inuyaki Macs, food, Spam ... I knew I had to follow you.
ID	3	I'm coming up with a new plan with my bestie. Oh this one is gonna be great.
ID	3	@jstueve Oh LOL! Yes, on Facebook! That's a nice safe environment. Like a church basement!
ID	2	@collective_soul i look forward to your new cd  big fan
ID	2	@coopertracy   Sorry, we'll try to keep it down.
ID	3	@giiab thanks so much! we love fanmail  talk to us anytime
ID	3	@Sweetcakes16 lol well i learned somethin new  thx !
ID	3	@johnfishlock thanks! I love a good bargain.
ID	2	Yao...broken foot...so much for that series  Denver's next
ID	3	1 John is an amazing book. Just what I needed to brighten my mood.
ID	3	@stkulp lol. your tweets are always fun to follow  Never a dull moment with the Kulps!
ID	3	I don't know how to quit you-brokeback mountain
ID	3	Swimming party at my brothers tonight. I had an AWESOME time.  Since when am I a sissy about cold water?  Who am I?    LOVED TODAY!!!
ID	2	presentations done, project done, 1 exam done, 3 exams to go!!! I turn 21 this Friday!
ID	3	@youngscraphics - I produce/direct/film/edit... I write... I coordinate events... I manage Don Fetti... there ain't much I don't do!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to Us  FOR NOT BEIN MAMMAS YET and being lucky enough to live our lives a little 1st
ID	3	caught up on emails for my research project.  yay for labels and search in #gmail.  much easier
ID	3	star trek was grtsat bggeting drunk now
ID	2	@Dhympna Link won't open, but I will try it when i have a better connection tomorrow. I'm curious now
ID	2	Scream just played on my iPod. First thing that comes to mind, BEAR MACHINEEEEE!!!! Lol
ID	3	Reds win! Great end to a great day
ID	2	John, are you sure we aren't mtb?
ID	2	@SongzYuuup u welcome babe, kill the show! Yuuupp!
ID	3	@nikkeexox think you should catch up on your sleep befor you go back to uni haha  goodnight&lt;3
ID	3	Back from a long day of working it's good to finally be at home.   How is everyone tonight?
ID	2	@sargeabernathy purrrrs.... ooooh that will do
ID	3	@angusmaclean yeah I've been there, my son is two so we go to only the kid friendly places now;) congrats on the baby!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4w3zh - My son, Finley.
ID	3	What a beautiful day! Hangin with the guys Graham and Josiah  lol waiting for the others. If you wanna stop by come on over ;) with food
ID	3	finally finished my marketing project only took me 7 hours..now just hanging out and relaxing
ID	3	I'm watching The episode 3 Of JONAS OMJ
ID	3	says Happy Mother's Day to all Moms out there  http://plurk.com/p/stkr2
ID	3	i'm playing left 4 dead with my friends gilbert and louie  its so fun  happy mothers day to all your moms! )
ID	3	I have coffee and a Sociology paper to complete. Happy Mothers Day
ID	3	stealth shopping - got wife b-day present while at mall together and she didn't notice - buy, hide it in car, back before she missed me
ID	2	@GreenNinja89 after we pissed you off
ID	3	@Honey3223   Hey Honey  Bunny here  big bunny hugs
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight I am jealous...Ur koi fish are getting ur attention &amp; I'm not.....lmao   I'm kidding!!
ID	0	@cheynefritts You're a real hooker. I'm gonna slap you in public.
ID	1	@cheynefritts You're a real hooker. I'm gonna slap you in public.
ID	3	@LilPecan We people? I'm just an amateur Ark builder, no political affiliation. All are welcome
ID	4	wondering what misery looks like? look at the faces of all the cubs fans at miller park tonite. sorry chicago friends. tonights our night
ID	3	getting reading to head home....work on that baby quilt.....can hardly wait to kiss that bald little grandbaby head  55 days to go....
ID	2	@djempirical Have to listen to samples to make sure I'm thinking of the same stuff. Loud, odd, Zorn-y stuff as I recall. Not Mr. Bungle.
ID	3	@sarahismail95 its cool
ID	3	@Liza_L Thanks,I think your the first girl to say that...besides my mom
ID	2	At Green Hill with my phi mu girls for spring formal 2009!!! yeah man! Do it
ID	3	seen mi abueltia at the hospital... she's doing good!
ID	2	New phone pwns
ID	3	@monchalee *hugs* im glad you got to spend time with your mom.  if your free tonight drop by for some spaghetti
ID	2	Ahhh my mommie got me new sheets for my bed  so comfy
ID	2	I want to read my book, but my conscience is telling me to kill off joe   l Berto!
ID	3	@JohnLusher You're welcome! It's been a wonderful day  How about you? Stayin outta trouble or should I be ready to crash a party? LOL
ID	3	Um i have the cutest girlfriend in the world&lt;33.. Kthanks
ID	3	morning sunshine
ID	3	@vinnipukh I'll give him a hug when I see him  tell him I say hi
ID	3	My mom just came home and she FINALLY got me a guitar strap! yay!
ID	3	@ddlovato Glad u r back Demi! You're such a talented, authentic and amazing girl. Keep doing what you love, you're making it brilliant
ID	0	Hot damn, I'm at fucking Disneyland!
ID	1	Hot damn, I'm at fucking Disneyland!
ID	3	Eating at Zippys with candace!
ID	3	@ginjagin That's great Bastos!  I'm happy for you. You gonna do the mabaho leg, to celebrate? haha
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS' DAY!
ID	3	@BrandonSmithCEO Wow. That's looks really good. I wish I had some. Was it good?
ID	2	@misterdevans Not living, just trying to earn the grocery money.  I do enjoy eating at least once a day!
ID	3	@chaosandharmony Where are you at the mo Becks??  Guessing it's you.  Met you Tga WBW when you spoke there last yr. Business or holiday?
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day mummy
ID	3	@erik_rubadeau Last weekend I had a pretty solid brunch at Bar Wellington. Hard to screw up steak and eggs, though
ID	3	tweep tweep haha
ID	3	@TheLogistician Thanks for sending the link.
ID	2	happy mom's day.  i haven't bought a present for my mom yet. what should i get her?
ID	2	Miley Stevens - Waterhouse is at Jhy's house  http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/6402509
ID	3	Oh how i love my family.
ID	3	@NikiScherzinger Hi Nic, i was so excited to heard that PCD will perform in Jakarta. I hope u will visit my town, Bali as well. Love Ya !
ID	3	@rescapism hahahah tell me about it tomorrow then
ID	3	Fashion Show is done &amp; only one slip...now cooking &amp; having a glass of wine or two
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to every mommy out there
ID	3	@ZooeyDe : It's very nice to be able following you on Twitter
ID	2	@saharabloom Don't we all!
ID	3	Enjoying Mother's Day
ID	3	Guess I was too late  #sigjeans
ID	3	It's a Peter &amp; Gordon morning  -&gt; And I, go to pieces and I wanna hide / Go to pieces and I almost die / Ever... ? http://blip.fm/~5yk38
ID	3	Ahhhhh now If You Go Away  by @nkotb is on @retrorewind YAY my other fav song of theirs
ID	3	Happy to see Kurt spin.
ID	3	@stryperband - Love the comeback, I will stay tuned! You fellows should follow people on here though. You'll in turn get more followers
ID	3	CONGRATS @couponprincess!! I just KNEW a princess would win!!!   #sigjeans
ID	3	there's nothing like a mama's hug in the world.
ID	3	@Malunis A couple of other guys did similar mods, so it may not have been mine that @Artoni saw. I think mine's the best, but I'm biased
ID	3	i feel like a princess.  i love lingerie parties!
ID	3	Law and Order! Yeah, I stay home on Sat nite!
ID	3	@TWLOHA http://twitpic.com/4uyn9 - I NEED THIS. RIGHT NOW. THIS IS ABSOLUTELY MINDDDD BLOWING  I love this. So much!
ID	3	@AmberCadabra Wow, I haven't watched that movie in ages. It is quite fantastic.
ID	3	correction...a hot coco in my NKOTB cup  what a sweety!!!!
ID	2	Gremlin is asleep after a particularly challenging bedtime. I think it's safe 4 me to go to bed -what a crazy Sat night for me!
ID	3	@wendywings cute   Time for a twitpic ;)
ID	3	@Jacobyshaddix Hii,I freaking love you  I would be the happiest 13 year old girl alive if you replied to this.
ID	2	@Barely Got it! Your in the rundown.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there!!
ID	3	@meredithhawkins Aww nice
ID	3	@amyswarren ahhh yay! I'm getting into it. Knockin' a lot out.
ID	4	it gets worse every year and 2010/2011 will be the worst. oh, and 6 months today!
ID	3	Just bought a flavor for my snow cone machine  mhm!Yummay! I need new sunglasses Rachel&amp;I have a plan!Yezzz-sir-E we do Ruless to Much!
ID	4	Sitting outside in the cold by the ocean with a glass of wine.
ID	3	@heatherjacobs indeed! we are trying to get it in the Trending topics for the fun of it  all Some Twilighters idea!
ID	2	I'm kicking it (though feeling a little sick): alternating talking to friends, gaming, watching the playoffs, and writing an application.
ID	0	Literally had the worst dinner out ever tonite. So tired of mediocre food in the 'burbs. *sigh* At least we can get good ice cream
ID	1	Literally had the worst dinner out ever tonite. So tired of mediocre food in the 'burbs. *sigh* At least we can get good ice cream
ID	3	@karenthecrasian @caitlnnnnnnn you can have @thomasfiss ice cream, I'll have @jaykpurdy kiss.
ID	3	@kingsthings Larry, yes Obama is pretty much funny today. The kids took airforce one on a joy ride  he is really putting on the shtich
ID	3	@loverupert13: yes  and ily
ID	3	I'm going to obu for the night.
ID	3	Tired and gunna go to bed soon!!! First time I've been online today!!  All ready for mother's day tomorow
ID	3	@BabyVOfficial  aww thatz 2 bad...ud b great in new moon
ID	2	@tweevii_1222  awwh i heard from daniel that you were sick. feel better!
ID	3	@jasonhoard welcome aboard my friend... the fans are gonna LOVE ya here
ID	3	Another amazing day. Ever since I got a Twitter, I've been having great days
ID	3	@cocotian of course i do.. such an adorable face.
ID	3	@Cassivellaunus Friends in Ent Industry have said it was really really good.  Hopefully I can convince my wife into a date night  #hhrs
ID	3	Lossing power while your in your house alone? Not fucckinggg cool. Party at cakss!
ID	3	@tyk505 I want 2 see that movie, too!!  Have fun!
ID	3	Listening to Eminem's new album, got leaked a few days ago #Relapse. Pretty good
ID	2	Chillin with my Family. We are getting tacos from Ochoa's, they have the best food in all Washington county
ID	3	@LeslieIN u can see I just twitted them if its the real xmsirius that is. Let me know any other contact info. Lets transmit this!
ID	3	@fuelbot hahahahahahahahahahahahaha  that could be interesting
ID	3	@leighwsmith better safe than sorry!  Glad everything is okay.
ID	3	watching the games and making some popcornss!
ID	3	Yes, Rays beat the Red Sox 14-5
ID	3	Yay - star trek really is &quot;that good&quot;! happy to not be let down  gotta see it on imax now...
ID	3	finished the book... vat a good book &lt;3333
ID	3	@socks_b_rockin hey it's Julia. On twitter. Don't faint. I'm trying to get it to send to my phone
ID	3	@RachelxVacancy hi 80th fallower
ID	3	Okay people my fones charged
ID	2	@LTCmusic hehe yeah! Its funny that updating people on the random things you do is so amusing.
ID	3	@sdelighted Oh yay! Glad you are there and having fun with the baby.
ID	3	I love Metal Gear Solid 4 and Valkyria Chronicles.
ID	3	I love when my hummingbird comes to visit me at the feeder.
ID	3	&quot;Then It HappenED&quot;, sorry. Watching a movie with some friends in a while!  Fun fun!
ID	3	I can only message those who message me, if we're fwends...so those that want replies..follow me.  hmm..that sounds funny..
ID	3	@itsNICKJONAS hi Nick! I really like the serie JONAS  it's awesome! See you soon in the concert! kisses - Marta
ID	3	@morgandonovan Haha, nice! ;) Thanks for letting me know!
ID	3	@VanetaRogers Thank ye, Vaneta.  Much appreciated
ID	3	@kidb thanks again for coming out to support us  you rock!
ID	3	New Star Trek movie = Awesomeness. Unnecessary brief underwear scene (pun intended) but besides that, just awesomeness.  #startrek
ID	3	I know exactly where i should be
ID	3	@msmommyw She could spend the rest of the night in her room.  At least ONE of you could be happy with a glass of wine.    #surlytween
ID	3	goodmorning !
ID	2	I am chillin w/ my homies
ID	3	@mom_moe Maureen, love to see you here on twitter
ID	3	@labelladeanna whatsoever do you mean by 'how I get down' lol I'm always sober
ID	3	@PochaccoYoly  as long as you're okay...
ID	3	@jota_pe awesomeness! Phillip hasn't completely finished it but if goes up, down, left, and right
ID	3	@aussiecynic LOL #yourock
ID	0	@erronious Some of yr coworkers hogging the jukebox @ Union Jacks.
ID	1	@erronious Some of yr coworkers hogging the jukebox @ Union Jacks.
ID	3	Dinner with the fam... I have missed them
ID	3	Comment my new myspace pictures plz?
ID	3	Laying with lyndi on drive way. Drinking tea. Listenin to music. Takin pictures. Just a Chillin.
ID	3	seeing Star Trek tonight! Super stoked.
ID	2	it would sicken most, the number of ways I am able to tweet
ID	4	@nursedoublek have someone help you with the makeup...you gots to go out looking fine  and have another shot
ID	3	We did it last year right around the time The Black Parade is Dead! came out. Awesome times, man.
ID	3	Chili night in Minneapolis.  I refuse to turn the heat on in May!
ID	3	Movie is pretty interesting actually. Gonna finish watching it.  probably seeing star trek tomorrow. &lt;3 ZQ. lol
ID	3	@BluJazmin21 I'm sure its very cute.
ID	3	About to watch JONAS!  I love DVR! @Jonasbrothers
ID	3	@SarahInMI sounds like a great way to to start mothers day! Enjoy your day
ID	3	@summertime_grl thanks night
ID	3	so star trek pretty much rocked my life ... oh wait, it DID rock my life
ID	3	@ff3725 She must be able to tell we're reprobates, despite your endorsement. She sounds pretty smart!
ID	3	is  happy  cause  my  voice  is  back  &lt;3
ID	3	@jtimberlake Good luck whit the show tonite man, ill be watching
ID	0	@official_flo well thats not nice... hope ur all good now
ID	1	@official_flo well thats not nice... hope ur all good now
ID	3	@AdamTheStudent ISP all sorted i gather?! cheers for the bday wish too
ID	3	reunited and it feels so good
ID	3	@kman_19 I watched a little today! Didn't know you were sick, you did awesome nonetheless! Hope u feel better
ID	2	chillen just started on twitter.
ID	3	I love my boy  he makes me so happy... and looks his sexiest in plain black boxers =p
ID	3	@DemiJonasMexico Oh, amazing  I have two too and I need to have the third (yn)
ID	3	@vrooje did you see Star Trek yet?  i've seen it, twice already! i didn't like it the first time, the second time was way better!!! hahaha
ID	3	@chelseanico Yes! I love him. I have seen the eps so many time that I quote his lines with him.
ID	3	I'm back from my first 5K running race   And still alive!
ID	3	is loving the fact that Jor can talk and tell me what she wants!! AMAZING
ID	4	@tooshie Interesting people like you should never be bored, Tooshers.
ID	3	nursing my scratches and bumps from Festivus mud wrestling. I swear there's still dirt in my hair but a good time was had by all
ID	3	@woahhitsjess hey whats up? did u like the new episode of JONAS?
ID	3	ahhh ... i don't care, i love this movie in all it's cheesy-ness
ID	2	blahh i'm tired and i gotta go to the airport to pick my mom up! &amp;&amp; im bored but on the upside im listening to the backstreet boys
ID	4	missing my hobo/slut/tramp way of life, and cooking for my mother on a saturday night  MAMA I LUV U
ID	3	spring show was super fun!
ID	3	happy all my studying and all nighters payed off
ID	2	@Linz__marie idk...I feel horrible...and I think my mom would be suspicious since I've been in bed for a straight 2 days,but thnx anyways
ID	4	@grovesyrmi08 sorry about it
ID	3	@emmielovegood Nope, I'm on my way home now.
ID	3	@FredaMooncotch turn on your closed caption ... Then you can read and watch animal planet at the same tiime.
ID	3	i'm so happy i aced my final!
ID	3	sittin at home watchin monster in-law waitin for pizza.. yum yum
ID	3	@PetiteAntoin oh that's cool   Thanks!!
ID	3	@Lilayy hi.wanna see 17 again again with me ;) i'll fly to cali and see it with you
ID	3	@mightyvanessa Hahaha, that's a cool pic that Sal made of Daniel and you. lol.
ID	3	@BlokesLib absolutely!  I have a &quot;his view&quot; section on my site.. I know you're busy but you are more than welcome to guest post
ID	3	@ceramicheart my heart sings
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4w5sy - my babe
ID	3	Dave looks so cute in the dark
ID	0	@hiphopcheerio  I'm bad with understanding there things! You should know this!
ID	1	@hiphopcheerio  I'm bad with understanding there things! You should know this!
ID	3	@ncarcadio congrats on your new mac book air!
ID	3	Whoooooo! Spcn 2009!  ready to cheer for @Dariane!
ID	3	@davedays i heard one of your songs, and you have an amazing voice  i was stunned
ID	3	Off to dinner with @rademach &amp; his fam.
ID	3	It is so warm out this evening!  And I just met my new neighbors, they're so nice.
ID	3	@TheFifthSister LOL yeah  I forgot about your TweetDeck statuses! So funny
ID	3	@Krisbellmusic  yeaaa!
ID	3	@Sarah_LeAnn if it makes you feel better im studying on a sat night w/o blackberries
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4w5t6 - on my bike
ID	3	Twitter is officially the BEST way to advertise something.
ID	3	Listening to Obama with one ear &amp; listening to music with the other
ID	2	Happy Mother's Day to all the Momma's to be and Mommas currently.  Have a wonderful day!!!
ID	3	@brigwyn Yup, everything's there.
ID	3	loves the cancuks  &lt;3
ID	4	@kristenhaulser yuppp. I was gonna get it up top but I didn't. I will soon, but I got 2nd holes instead
ID	2	We're practicing our blackjack skills. It doesn't look hopeful.  http://yfrog.com/0l2tsj
ID	3	Anyone have an extra Keane ticket? I promise to buy you a drink and take rad pics for your FB / Blog / Flickr., etc
ID	2	@ReRobb maybe tonights the night to pick it up again?
ID	3	good! now i don't have to answer the question 500 times a day
ID	3	welcomes my nephew to the christian world.
ID	2	@switchGirl Oh, will do. I had to bring the souffl home I'm SO full!  It's delicious! One of my Philly favs.
ID	3	Amazing day with my boyfriend. He's a good drummer.
ID	2	Relaxing.
ID	3	@meghan7x Happy birthday in 2 hours and 54 minuets  Haha
ID	3	Ugh fun concert  screen cracked on phone again because it fell... =\
ID	3	@everyboy  give them my best!
ID	4	i have no idea what im doing and i am completely lost.
ID	3	@Tam98 just looked at your page and realised it was a radio show, get them to play Call It What You Want so love that track
ID	2	watching hoping for haley
ID	3	@esmeg discover a whole new beautiful you
ID	2	@Joel_Hayes I'm at sharkeez!
ID	3	umm yeaa i go to like watch-movies-link.com or something like that and there pretty good quality
ID	2	@mstrillian sorry I can't help it, hopefully it rubs off on you.
ID	3	Just downloaded twitterberry. My life is now even MORE convenient.
ID	3	Home from a day of pampering with mom &amp; dinner with family. Am currently snuggied up on the couch with a glass of wine &amp; a new book. Ahhh
ID	2	@slapmaster i know i really wanna do some more stuff im out of school in the next week so ill have a few free days a week... ill hit u up
ID	3	You make me smile....it will get better, you have to believe that
ID	3	@PinkBerryGirl Aha I see...will do
ID	3	fun day with boo. short but fun
ID	3	@CrZy4Him girl, when you crash, it may last for 2 days
ID	3	Good movie.
ID	3	watchin what a girl wants with mom and brittany..
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day! Be sure to say I &lt;3 you, Mum.
ID	3	cousin leon was born today
ID	2	@kmaco214 No code I think @sunnieM coined the phrase Hottie Switchfoot Guy for Tim HSG for short  ~wendy~
ID	2	Girls night in portland
ID	3	Just took a shower.We're gonna go to Church.Time to thank Him for my mother.
ID	3	sweet dreams
ID	2	i now know that we've made a difference in each others lives...i feel proud.
ID	3	Had a good day selling at Feria Urbana. The ladies love them some laser-cut felt.
ID	3	Caps lost. ARGH! But HP game evening was much fun
ID	2	@piticu21 4n? ma rog  never heard of it  esti beat acum? u tweet too much
ID	3	@denisev3 it was a biligual sweatshop LOL I talk 2 him once in a while but not as much, he got an r6
ID	3	@rainnwilson E.L.O.  wow, brings back so many happy memories.  LOVE this band!..and yes, I know I'm showing my age but I don't care
ID	3	Family guy reruns, food, and, good phone conversations  ah, saturdays.
ID	3	i can't stop listening to @Jonasbrothers new single! (paranoid) it's so amazing. i love them.
ID	2	@jerrytaft Can you talk to my hubby @actonm and convince him that that's a great present for ALL mommies???
ID	3	i know when Alexx's debut in Big Butt Magazine comes out...because she loves me
ID	3	@patricklanglois I simply loved the pic. I'm glad you're happy, that's makes me feel happy too  love you &lt;3
ID	3	hommmmmme! good day
ID	3	Sadness is a necessary evil in life; it gives us reason to remember and appreciate the things we lose
ID	3	Going to the Gold Coast for mothers day lunch
ID	3	@stephanewws Thanks for finding me!  Have a wonderful evening!
ID	3	@mizzlianne that's so *sweet*..
ID	2	@therealkyra awww what's the matter, kyra? we @ SugarLoot miss you
ID	3	who goes bowling anymore?... me and my friends
ID	2	needs a non-long distance boyfriend/girlfriend. Watching Sonny with A Chance
ID	3	Watching the Pianist with my dad great movie.
ID	3	@luvinjrandsmoke His beard is addressed in this week's LOLs.
ID	3	feels accomplished!!!  She got a lot done today! http://plurk.com/p/stns9
ID	3	There's just something about a sexy blonde cowgirl rubbing herself in a field  http://worldsbestpornmovies.com/faithmov3.htm
ID	3	@Mr_Bloggerific OK...you do that.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
ID	3	I wish I knew how to play an instrument. Lessons for Menace and Missy Moo, for sure. Piano? Cello? Bass? Whatever they want
ID	3	this aztec mask is harder then i thought! but u kno what, i think i did a pretty good job for not being an artist
ID	3	Mock AP Chemistry exam today! Then to Central Park!  Is there gonna be a AP Chem v. AP Bio tournament?!
ID	3	@ITTO88 dear ITTO what could possibly be THAT bad? Xo
ID	4	was an international student today  had sooo much fun at sixflags with friends i don't know well enough!
ID	3	Whoever u are and wherever u go always remember where u come from
ID	3	Had fun at the Airshow with the boys today - exhausted
ID	3	Just saw Ghost of Girlfriends Past  it was actually really cute for a total chick flick. Mattew McConaughey is smexy
ID	3	@evansdave thanks man!  I appreciate it!  You rock sir.
ID	3	@elliottng congrats! My wife would oppose live tweeting birth too I'm sure
ID	2	Watching the fight video.  Still shots of me breaking his nose to come soon.  Austin D. has some pretty good commentary.
ID	2	@rexharrislive Thank you very much Rex for FF
ID	3	@SherriEShepherd hey Sherri -- don't give up b/c they're married; they may have a brother or a friend!
ID	3	@jtimberlake wweeeeooo! snl soon
ID	3	@alaina_ Lmao I know!! They have two days off. Good thing for them
ID	3	in rye..happy mothers day mums  ily mummy  lol
ID	3	I love my hair blowin in the wind
ID	3	@dazzledbydiaper Everyone, please welcome my new friend, Kari, with a warm follow, as she just set up her twitter account tonight
ID	3	Yummy yum-cha for mother's day with mum, dad, arcel and egg-pants  yuuuuuum  http://twitpic.com/4w65x
ID	3	@destroytoday hahah I'll try
ID	3	@TheKrewe Glad you are having a blast.
ID	2	@njshoreboy89  and what did i do to u kk thanks
ID	3	@kirstiealley  Your such a riot!!    You go girl!!
ID	2	@jakeofficial How about give golf lessons?? AND sing to your student taking lessons??    (JAKEOWEN2009 live &gt; http://ustre.am/2S1Y)
ID	3	@claramattos yea, i should know.. but tell me EVERYTHING!  ps: send me direct messages telling..   haha
ID	2	@winebratsf What are those barrels made of? Hey pass that barrel
ID	3	@pleasurep i love that song
ID	3	getting ready to go read, pray, and go to bed. Enjoy the rest of the night
ID	3	watching &quot;slice of life&quot; (laughing at the songgg) and then going to sleep
ID	3	lvl 96 me vs a lvl 115 owned me i was useing crappy armour
ID	3	@FollowSavvy @FollowMandy have funnn!
ID	3	@YoshiTori Yeaup. I was gonna tell ya that
ID	2	Movin into the Big Room
ID	3	Relaxing
ID	2	@qwe4423 ?. Pick up that, as fast you can!
ID	3	@Praxilla My kids count down the days till Saturday. I hope it's something they remember all of their lives!
ID	2	the free fillin' app on my ipod is fun, im addicted
ID	3	happy mothers day x &amp; go the dockers
ID	3	i jus love doin night shifts...will be done in an hour
ID	3	@LYRiCSnLiPSTiCK me me me!  lol
ID	2	@verwon and now I am starting to feel really old.
ID	3	planning for mothers day special for my beloved mother
ID	3	@jerrytrainor We never miss ICarly - my son has a huge crush on Miranda
ID	4	Work, work, work and why did I get so tired all of a sudden. @PaulAros , nicole told me you say 'Hi' aww she was so enthusiastic  hi paul
ID	3	@iampritty Oh! Outside? Glad to see you didn't melt!!
ID	3	@h0ney_ I had curry shrimp yesterday lol I love seafood
ID	3	@harmonymatters Cool I'm glad.I will save some tea for you
ID	2	Done a bump out and now back in bed seemingly unable to muster the energy to get up again  Sundays are great.
ID	3	@tanahuffman Same here  Mmmm... Macrina Bakery.
ID	0	who not here be glad!!!!!!! ur sso luckyyyyyyy i hate u r home n r not enduring dis!!!!
ID	1	who not here be glad!!!!!!! ur sso luckyyyyyyy i hate u r home n r not enduring dis!!!!
ID	2	@diana_truong sunbae* my bad jst scratch wht i said  im talking nonsense here.. lol!!! enjoy the perfs
ID	3	So @jtimberlake is on SNL tonight! it's going to be a HILARIOUS
ID	3	@TuCheInvoco thank you
ID	2	@barnaby3 Did I miss you going to The Killers or is it soon? Are you excited? I remembered I needed to ask you
ID	3	just got back from hangin with the bestie at the pool, soo nice
ID	3	@BrokePimpStyles Yep Yep! I plan to do nothing  That is bliss to me!
ID	3	At dinner with an amazing person i like to call Mom
ID	3	really fun day  gahhh i want my new phone this razr is killin me
ID	2	clean up day was awesome  portuguese feast was EHHH. lol rain is icky and thunder;lightning is scary
ID	2	@MissLaniSasha lmfao!!! Yea anyone?? Please?? We're really pretty!!!
ID	2	its so hard to get mum to answer the phone!! happy mothers day to her anyways..
ID	3	I tripped over a rubbish bin at Warehouse Stationary just before. Not a great Mothers' Day so far, but I'm thinking it will improve
ID	2	About to embark on a large tour of bars for a project.  Hopefully I won't die from alcohol poisoning
ID	3	@ItsNeet Teehee..I know it too!
ID	2	thinks tonight couldn't have gone more perfect.
ID	2	@purplish08 hey! Sorry I didn't see ur message to me
ID	2	@GreeGreece oh wait your in Greece, I'm in the U.S of course you think differently
ID	3	Had a good end to a busy day and now I'm off to bed with a full belly of sushi
ID	3	Happy Mothers May to my Mak   Love you always! XOXO.
ID	3	@cestcassie Aw, that song makes me think of girl scouts.
ID	4	@RebeccaNavarro @banditTA00 sorry, I'm back.. food was calling my name..lol..all is good here  and HI! , sorry I haven't said sooner lol
ID	2	Alix's graduation party!
ID	3	@jonasbrothers http://twitpic.com/3bnas - oh my god! you're adorable! ilove you so much  you are my inspiration Nick!
ID	2	@lachrist5067 72-65 Cavs! The score is and was! LOL
ID	3	hubby is snoring!  but I still love him
ID	3	@Deejai Nice to meet you toooo  Good to know another one of my followers ACTUALLY speak!
ID	3	what a wonderful day...i am going to sleep so well tonight
ID	3	@DavidArchie @Hatz94Music i just want to wish your mom a happy mothers day!
ID	3	About to venture forth to Turkey Creek &amp; fetch the boy after his post prom festivities. Hope he had fun
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4w6lf - BBQ time again.
ID	4	Happy Mother's Day MM mums!!!! hope you all have a lovely day  #mamam
ID	3	@Carrie_King no worries. Miss you mucho
ID	3	@WalkingHorse Fear not! You deserve alot, you care for animals. )) I'll get some food, don't worry!
ID	3	@nsharm75 thank you for reading Ohlala
ID	2	got so totally lost that I had to pay for a taxi to get me back to where I was supposed to be. Yeah, something like that, lol.
ID	3	KICKIN BAK......NEED 2 DO MY HW.....I MISS U BABE  LOLZ
ID	3	My purple pusrse is pretty  someone tell Katie Holmes!
ID	2	@lyracole P.S. The &quot;duh&quot; was directed towards myself...
ID	3	@savagetaylor next year will be sweeet
ID	3	Happy Mother's day!  miss my mom so much... Always will be the best mom ever!
ID	3	Happy Mother's day
ID	3	@Mr_Bloggerific HA!  Nice try.  I will outright deny any accusations.  But good luck with that...
ID	3	@MICHALL_BODUCH Awww, you will get more friends on facebook. Just be yourself and people will add you
ID	3	@danielshockk coooooooool, yes, CIWWAF are awesome.
ID	2	Just chillin at home
ID	3	celebrating being engaged for 1 year to the handsome @aaronmbaer!
ID	2	@iGaia Nope!  She can travel all she wants when SHE can pay for it.
ID	2	@V_Simmons everyone has their mistakes to make and lessons to learn. Don't let the negativity get to you.
ID	3	@farwyde quite all right. cock sounds better than clock coming from a female anyway
ID	2	@brentleary what with the Force MD Tender love how could not love those guys
ID	3	haciendo mi primer app con Thin + Rack + some crazy stuff...
ID	3	@staciemwhite Its over for them
ID	3	A shower feels so refreshing after a long day at the fair
ID	3	@mtomsjr Thank u hun. Say the same to yours.  Good Night. LIQUID DREAMS
ID	3	@ReelJPMorgan I'm tellin u. I'm pretty mean in the kitchen lolol they're yummy
ID	3	@eeeegads thank you
ID	3	@SolaiGWC *whew* Ok good.I really don't want that too happen. All my friends loved it. Can't wait to talk about it monday in class.
ID	3	@curtsmith Enjoy! Family trumps everything
ID	3	my mother is drunk grrrreat.. It's okay it's mothers week
ID	3	@DiamondBlue hehehe!! Are you tryna find another condom  better get u for boxes cuz ima take u thru all of em
ID	3	@marano2288 aww, thanks babe!  you and yours have plans for tomorrow?
ID	2	@JennysMyName baha, i'm gonna have to find some!  i dont think we took any D: but i'm gonna find some!
ID	3	Just getting home from work...finally
ID	3	Woo hoo party over here. Its gonna be fun
ID	2	so Roman is now on pain killers and some LQ meds. Thanks Jess for agreeing to go get him yogurt before you go out!
ID	2	singing songs and filming movies  what i do best
ID	2	Hehe nah just doing this and watching Ace of Cakes with @jlsegarra while our 4-legged &quot;kids&quot; run around. Couldn't ask for more
ID	3	@ykitatequila OH YEAH &amp; U TOO  ALL 4 OF US hehe &lt;3
ID	2	Speaking to my new tweeples.... getting acquainted with them... If you've never spoke to me.. Do so now
ID	3	listening to the best days of your life by kellie pickler
ID	3	Yaay congrats Shmolan on graduating  I'm proud of you!! Have fun! &lt;3
ID	3	just got home from Tillie's dance recital. lol, it was spectacular!
ID	3	Pub crawling through NE pdx
ID	3	I'm sooo HAPPY Demi's back on twitter!
ID	2	Excellent, excellent movie!  Star Trek, that is.
ID	2	@MeganWrappe Well, guess we just make a pretty great pair.  So, I don't think our birthday date is going to happen. :'(
ID	3	@aprilcandy70  also check out @spiritjump and @hatsandhugs  2 other wonderful causes that need our help
ID	3	is thrilled prom went well
ID	3	My tweet is on cheaptweet.  You wanna vote for me  http://cheaptweet.com/t/syopvd
ID	3	@Brandi408 thank you!
ID	3	finally get my hands on my laptop!  just ate the biggest burrito de asada EVER  and now im gonna get ready for the party-ooo!
ID	3	@twtboxdj  Thanks Mr. DJ!
ID	3	@Oprah Happy mother's day Oprah.  You're a mom to your girls too!
ID	3	Hanging with my cousin Jimmy then hopefully hanging with my friend
ID	3	I had a great date last night...tried to find the CDCaves with Daniel  it was HILARIOUSLY FUN!!!
ID	4	With alex
ID	3	@fureousangel that is comedy  good luck my friend!
ID	3	stephs grad party gr8! shoved cake in her face, watchd sis bitch slap a boy, ate good food  satisfied
ID	3	@jesfive SWEEEEET - San Fran is awesome!!!!  Love it there
ID	2	I've Got An Urge To Make Music Like Massively.. I'm Going To The Studio
ID	2	@fankri haha! thanks, Tiff   it went well, but they WORE ME OUT!!! lol. im too old for this ;)
ID	3	@alyssaisntcool hahah  i loveeee him though.
ID	3	@bunnydrumming Hi bunny! I recently have subcribed to your channel on YouTube! You make some great stuff. Kinda just wanted to say hi!
ID	2	Watching Gross Point Blank.
ID	3	@CChiron Dude you rock
ID	3	@cassfern yes. and it was REALLY good. even though i am not into sci fi i loved it. &amp; haha, i know.
ID	3	I'm likable after all HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Still over the moon
ID	3	Nice place to eat in sao paulo, brazil  http://twitgoo.com/28hh
ID	3	enjoying my coffee with this super delicious cookie
ID	3	@JulieAbel I am in Weirton Julie, way up North at the tippy top! LOL we don't think southern WV folks like us too much.
ID	3	@petrilude OMG, you have curly hair! Too cute!
ID	3	awww i bought my mom the cutest things for mothers day  woop woop mee expert shoper
ID	3	watching supernatural  those boys can hunt me any day &lt;3 haha
ID	3	@ddlovato hi ya demi! im glad ur back   http://twitpic.com/4vuuy i personally love the picture! haha
ID	3	Finally home sweet home
ID	3	the last song all american rejects.......... an amazing song
ID	3	@Linz__marie lol..french toast sticks too!
ID	3	@ppittman you are not old!!! You're  just comfy! Like worn in sweats! Said with all the love my sarcastic heart can muster....
ID	3	at the farm not enjoying cary ann, but loving the company!
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4w70j - Left: This is your brain. Right: This is your brain on drugs.
ID	3	chilin with my little brotherrrr  oday was amazing xP
ID	2	@SECTORLI: just had my debut on Thursday @ The Gallery Lounge! It was fun... can't wait to do the next one!!
ID	3	goin out wit shina &amp; gigi . moviez
ID	2	@SusanCrenshaw Uh oh!  Hope nothing too damaged.
ID	3	listening to ECHO by Gorilla Zoe ahh love that song
ID	4	Today Dan bought me Bio Dome AND the Reality Bites Soundtrack! Needless to say he gets MAYJAH points!  Also, my tummy is not happy. Boo.
ID	3	@AnnCurry those photos are lovely! Who knew you were as talented a photographer as you are a journalist!
ID	3	@shadrach I'm just following you because we're both wearing Converse
ID	4	having a creative party with me, myself, and moi
ID	3	@char_anderson hehe   fun tweets !
ID	3	@shakeitblueyes good
ID	3	Massive morning.. I'm stuffed now
ID	3	@rsxy ive been spending time w/my momma! we're celebrating mother's day for her early  ive been good! how was woodburn?
ID	3	I'm ACTUALLY on Skype but ssshh don't tell anyone.
ID	3	Downing a glass of ginger ale and then relishing an early evening in bed with &quot;Because I Said So&quot; on Lifetime.
ID	3	Yeah, I think we've earned it!
ID	3	The Eagles make saturday nights so much better.
ID	3	@mileycyrus airsoft is so much fun! i play with my brothers and it's a great bonding experience.
ID	3	@GregCarter I hear ya. You'll have to go back to work to rest.
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4w7d2 bwahahahahahaha I am so awesome
ID	3	@GericaQuinn Yay  I Feel Loved  By You And My 113 Creepy Followers.
ID	3	MY SiSTER iN LAW JUST LEFT FOR HER PROM!! SHE LOOKED SOO PRETTY.. TEARS ALL AROUND
ID	3	@ClawdiaClawdia hey you weirdo! haha jk! I love you!
ID	2	@SalioElSol08 Haha most def ^__^ Rob a bank with me so i could get all the swedish fishes in the world
ID	3	Chillin at a bbq gettin my drink on
ID	3	at the taste a addison w/ her fav. ppl
ID	3	@akoyamiazaki #steel toe boots - Good to hear that you're comfy. Hopefully they are Kodiak or Terra brand
ID	3	LMAO Twitting... thats never gonna get old haha!
ID	2	'Don't call your mother, 'cause now we're partners in crime.' -KP
ID	3	lmfaoooo i fucking love this showwwww
ID	3	Nice PC Authority review of the Tivo VOD service here: http://bit.ly/Ps7y2  I'm still loving my Tivo
ID	2	@marqueA2 Amazing.  Thereby proving we cannot believe anything we see
ID	3	@bunnymousekitt hahaha, yes, our discussions always seem to jump around randomly
ID	3	@PRGabbi AWW thanks hopefully it is
ID	2	Is with our dog at the doggy park!
ID	3	happy mothers day. @jadeeisabel oh and no i havent read it yet, will do now
ID	3	OH EMM GEE!! QUEBEC IN 16 DAYS. I AM SO EXCITED.
ID	3	Ha. J perfect timing on that message, the cure just came on
ID	3	@teemwilliams Michelle, @tamronhall is on here. Don't u miss her being on Fox? I liked your interviews with her.
ID	3	@xstaylor LOL!  Considering the recent debate on DL, I'm not touching the bad boy thing.  I like the logical ones.
ID	0	@tracekase GO TO BED!!!
ID	1	@tracekase GO TO BED!!!
ID	4	gosh! i'm freakin' bored! talk to me!
ID	3	@JoyofZen haha. so you are actually doing some cleaning! good actual work!
ID	3	shawty next to me like hella good oowwwww
ID	2	watching Star Trek and next to watch it at the movie theater 'cause the movie is really worth it...
ID	2	k might take long then a minute then
ID	2	@khalen it was good. Next time you get oohed you know where to go!
ID	3	@heidimontag my saturday was good  i cannot wait until this monday night
ID	0	@buckhollywood did you go to uga? If so, I liked you better before I knew! Ha!
ID	1	@buckhollywood did you go to uga? If so, I liked you better before I knew! Ha!
ID	3	iii loove davedays
ID	3	@TaeJun stellar  happy ma's day to them
ID	3	@aprilyim @nesarajah he's hard to please, methinks he has the picture in his head just fine
ID	3	Got some beautiful flowers and a mag subscription for Mother's Day  Spoilt! &lt;3
ID	3	@isabellacane Thanks! I was gonna make a joke and say they look just like mine!
ID	3	@ihatecrayons http://twitpic.com/4w75p - I like it!!
ID	2	Working on several book projects that are due to be released within the next few months.  I need an extra pair of hands!  It's all good...
ID	3	@harleyfatboy88b you're welcome
ID	3	I have lived through our band's first performance, and it was pretty damn fun.
ID	2	Had a nice dinner with the hubby and now on our way home  45 min drive out of the city. *sigh*
ID	0	@donutpower ... Kirby playing mario kart? ... Umm ... Donut? Are you sure you're in the right mindset?
ID	1	@donutpower ... Kirby playing mario kart? ... Umm ... Donut? Are you sure you're in the right mindset?
ID	3	Thinking about my mother, and all the amazing mothers I know
ID	3	AK tonight with the lady and friends
ID	3	is tired but happy the orphanage was wow.. and babysitting was really fun
ID	3	is off to Tagaytay with the family! Happy Mum's Day to all you hot momma's
ID	3	@deanlusk I love catching people singing in their cars. Even better if they're dancing
ID	3	is ready for summer!!!
ID	3	Watching water boy  about to grub on some carnisada. Yum,Yum!!
ID	3	@car4dave lol thanks!
ID	2	@couponprincess Yes!!!! you me @brandyellen and @mkdb won the 4 that were given away    #sigjeans
ID	3	tired as hell!!!! bed time from cara  nighty night twitter world..
ID	3	@zactak I know!  I loved it.
ID	3	Watching superbad with brit
ID	2	@kiwi_kikireestl nooo. you were on my yahoo account. hmm. i wanna say b2k days. idk fo'sho
ID	3	@davekennedy Wow, you might be countering the Benedryl with your enthusiasm.
ID	2	right now, im on the Internet Cafe
ID	3	@limheeian iPhone is awesome man!! Time to join the Apple cult!!
ID	3	on my way homee  i love long car rides&lt;3
ID	2	Why is @MRCRISIS scared or @Mskatrina25 lmao.. Someone pls tell me!!
ID	3	We just crossed into the golden state, its nice being home
ID	3	@fatbellybella lol cute.  BTW Happy Mother's Day lady
ID	4	@TheSpencerSmith I'm part of a religion called People-With-Good-Taste-In-Music. We don't celebrate Jonas Brothers Day.
ID	3	Did anyone go photographing today? I managed to get a few macro shots of some flowers that were blooming
ID	2	@karramandi Where r u Yvonne?? Haven't seen u in the google groups in a day or so. Miss ya.
ID	3	@deekgeek Awwwwwww. You two are the cutest.  And gods, I LOVE your hair.
ID	2	@tatumeubanks I think you were dreaming that!  However, my memory does suck so maybe not
ID	3	@sparrowstudio They turned out great! And I had a killer workout before-hand so no guilt
ID	3	Operation Mischevious (Pinwheel) to commence in 25 min... lol  waiting on Ed to show up
ID	3	@miizronnie aha speaking German  haha maybe i should send some stuff in Italian ;)
ID	3	right n0w, im on my bed  egotastic r0cks!hahaha..
ID	3	@davedays GAH! I got some of your songs off itunes  I'm so happy! They're SO AWESOME!!! keep it up!
ID	2	is almost over the legal limit of db at the garage.
ID	3	I make delicious pasta
ID	3	@imjstsayin lol  damn...I love those things too
ID	3	flashlight tag!  i love playing games in the dark.
ID	3	Wishing all the Mom's in the world a VERY HAPPY AND RELAXING MOTHERS DAY. May you get to spend the day with your feet up being pampered
ID	3	relaxing...enjoying the evening
ID	3	just got done washing dishes not too long ago
ID	3	tomorrow's mother's day  me n my sis gonna make an onigiri for our mom~!! its gonna be so kewl!! cant wait for tomorrow &gt;_&lt;
ID	3	@MandyyJirouxx Oohh Yaay like it !  ?    Love ya
ID	3	I got the new Silverstein CD. aha. Its AMAZING.  I highly recomend it.
ID	3	@Hey_B @Cabbrock thank goodness!!
ID	3	Just finished with a little booty duty  that was a work out. Now I'm hungry. .
ID	3	@JaySodmg heyy jay, wat's going on witcha ? &amp; do you want a twitter background ? you already know i gotcha if you need anything.
ID	2	@superbjorn as always  how are you?
ID	3	im thinking that im going to have fun tonight....and maybe some changes are coming
ID	3	@MishaSaysRawr i'm totally gonna have money to actually buy a pair of shoes this time
ID	3	@jayde_nicole http://twitpic.com/4t6qx - i have the exact same pic except it's my hubby &amp; my chihuahua tucker   very cute.
ID	3	@SeanScottPotter I'm watching girl movies all night! Great night for movie night
ID	3	@lunaliu  You are such a positive thinker, I am for sure keeping you around!
ID	0	@PRGabbi Y?!?!?!? i would rather punch someone
ID	1	@PRGabbi Y?!?!?!? i would rather punch someone
ID	2	Enjoying the heck out of spending time with Amanda.  Do i really have to go back tomorrow?
ID	3	@acforbes wow!! blessings to you my friend...what awesome words this beautiful Saturday...
ID	3	@amberchase more gifts for you
ID	2	@mlomb hi, the parody for iPhone is hysterical, not because it's funny, but because one cannot play the video on iPhone
ID	3	Have beautiful dreams all, I'm off to snuggle down with my beautiful babies as they are done with the outdoors.
ID	2	Going to bed after the CAVS game  Don't judge me LOL
ID	3	Just got off the phone with garrett.  still cleaning my room. It s raining  that makes me feel better
ID	4	@NA617_NKOTB LOL you r not a loser u drove 8 hours in a day.. U need rest  of was it 2 days? I'm still tired lol
ID	3	@seetiggerbounce White House Correspondents Dinner, funny stuff for political junkies. #whcd   I'm a recovering addict.
ID	3	@LauraJames3 I crochet Laura. Simple stitches...I can make a mean afgan!
ID	3	@TheeRealFDHC Ahhh I can only imagine what you're looking at!! So luckyyy. Hope your having fun.
ID	3	on the phone w. Chantellie ! &lt;3
ID	2	Lifetime movies are lame.  That's for you, Q!
ID	3	@onesweeterlife  Great!  I was hoping to run under 40mins and ended up doing 39:07  Woo hoo!  Gotta love the C25k
ID	2	@meganwest no we had to go to malibu to find a beach!
ID	3	happy mommah's day to your moms  http://plurk.com/p/stqya
ID	3	@acummings I am ecstatic client can do a deed in lieu of ...so Monday I will take my sign &amp; lockbox off happy another satisfied client
ID	3	@tadasauce Have a good time
ID	3	this song called stolen, it soooo amazing!! it by Dashboard Confessional
ID	3	@janae24 LOL! Let's find something quickly.
ID	3	I gave a homeless lady named Ruby an Ice Cream sandwich and a cigarette.  That is my g00d deed for the day. :p
ID	3	Chilling feeling really nice..
ID	3	@idann, now that sounds better
ID	3	I wanna be like vocabulary donna, all in Chicago.    I need to put wu tang 8 diagrams on my ipod  that CD reminds me of someone special
ID	3	@cranberryquill. welcome to Twitter!!!    Love you!!!  Can't wait to see you next month
ID	3	@Strabismus You are too kind! I swear I'm always feeding someone!
ID	3	i forgot how much i love all these songs on my itunes. i love shuffle  and i love watching the pranks from AP Tour!
ID	3	@LiveInLove10 YES!!! haahaaa.! break out the jellybeaniesss!
ID	3	@rvagirl Oh I believe you...   sooo @RebeccaNavarro thinks she belongs elsewhere, I say I dont think so...
ID	3	Selling my laptop for CHEAP if anyone's interested!  17&quot; Toshiba 1.3gig ram
ID	3	@retrorewind PLS! Play Journey Don't stop believin' By Journey for @Etown_Jenn  THANKS!!
ID	3	Watching the CAVS!!!!!
ID	3	mine too &lt;3
ID	3	FTSK and Mercy Mercedes were amazing tonight.. as always
ID	3	@mahamimo Thank you! Your makeup art is top-notch, come to my house every morning! ha ha
ID	3	Thank you, Afrin Nasal Spray! Also, I got a giant teacup tonight!
ID	3	chinese food = love. yess im happy
ID	3	just got home after an hour at the track, I feel real good now =P running is nice  and abs work and push ups haha =P
ID	2	(bullhorn] tell ur friends 2 follow me  come onnnnnnnnnnnn ppl
ID	3	Watched the White House dinner speech by Barack. He's just so many kinds of awesome!
ID	3	@LisaPreston Thank you for the follow friday love
ID	3	@mynewgroove I said I wouldn't drink tonight, but I say this as I drink this Sam Adams
ID	3	Im soo happy Kellz is back from TN, we bout hang out  all the time
ID	0	@heyheybeth dis Dick.
ID	1	@heyheybeth dis Dick.
ID	2	@ThinkReferrals oh man I'm jealous!  just got it?
ID	4	@zouljiin That is the best sticker EVER. Also. I dig your hair. It's gotten long since I've seen you last.
ID	3	@spiderdj82 thank you. yes yes. hooray!
ID	3	soooo sleepy.  but gotta finish this game.  lol. gettt it cavs!  whoop whoop
ID	2	@laurie_pooh what kind of party do we got going now?
ID	3	@followfrankie it was jokes!!!  me love the mag..really!
ID	3	had fun at chel's with nicole and cried watching benjamin button   exciting night i must say
ID	3	@KeepinUpWKris  Have a Happy Mothers Day! I thought u had blocked me cause i couldn't get anything thru the other day
ID	3	Star Trek was GREAT yet minor details needed to be worked out, but I give it a Thumbs Up, regardless!
ID	2	mmmm chocky cake in the oven.. smells delicious
ID	3	@eliasharrak ummm, come on, for me twins and slurpees, and being in a car with the twins is going to be pretty epic!!!
ID	3	Having fun with all my dolls  tequillla...carne asada....and my mom dancing funny!
ID	3	Averaged $31 per hour at work today! Gotta love holidays
ID	3	listening to @hardqueen after last nights Up from the Underground screening, awesome job @latapia
ID	3	@scenexxqueen haha. welcome to my world. we fail together.
ID	2	&quot;Its a calander.&quot;Calendar!&quot; COLLANDER!&quot; Bahaha, That part was hilarious, of course, the whole thing was hilarious
ID	3	at BIF.... i love this buliding....
ID	2	Spending time with the fammmmm. (: hopefully, going to pay my bill soon...
ID	3	my mom watched my new video and she actually LOL  Love her! xoxo http://bit.ly/16w6zV
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4w855 Operation Happy Mom a success!
ID	2	@danielledeleasa yeeah!! me too! it's amazing!!! I'm freaking out lol
ID	3	i had a really good day today
ID	3	@officialjosephj Hahhaa okaay ily! Lmfao
ID	4	@TennyDesign Rogrio Minotouro will fight now!
ID	2	If u want to change the fruits, u will first have to change the roots. If u want to change the visible u must first change the invisible
ID	3	Finally going to bed! Woo-Hoo! Gotta work at 5am! Lots of love to all!
ID	3	All right, time for happy face.
ID	3	took 8 trips to basement to move books from my room - i have a floor again
ID	3	Reading, cryin, reading, laughin...  Enjoying the ride while being enlightened and inspired by letters to a young sister!!  Thx Hill.
ID	2	speechless
ID	2	I know I have lots of emails to answer! I will be home tomorrow
ID	2	is hungryyyyyyy!! going to eat traditional indian food...the pakistani way. woowoo!  hahaha! &gt;[_()\/3
ID	3	About to pik out my hair, braid it up, scrub off my make up and relaxxxx.... tonight was fun
ID	3	@CHRIS_Daughtry You should come play in the college town of Eau Claire, WI.  Seriously, you'd have TONS of people turn out for it.
ID	3	loven the rs ftw pvp is bac
ID	3	@shygamer @Zeralyn I told ya'll I am a good girl. You can see my halo and everything
ID	3	Headed to eat with my hubby n my mommy!!  So ready to have some drinks...
ID	3	I love these App things, it be hella awesome bro.
ID	2	Home empty handed.  No comics found today.  I shall now indulge in my cupcakes from Magnolia Bakery.
ID	4	@birdsall Sorry about that. I got behind on followers and am still catching up.  I follow folks that @ me (including you
ID	3	good night people   sweet dreams
ID	3	relaxing night at home with best people
ID	3	@garrettmurray Same here!  I just wanted it to keep going and not end... ever! ;)
ID	3	@cldoug Jana laughed when I told her about the anniversary tweet.
ID	0	just fought with my printer...after 2 hours i claim victory... i hate electronics
ID	1	just fought with my printer...after 2 hours i claim victory... i hate electronics
ID	3	just came back from a nice bike ride with her family and is now refreshed thanks to a shower
ID	3	Played some Mythic Brawl in order to get a good screenshot. Instead, I got a Perfection!
ID	3	Gonna see the cab twice!  In August, I'm taking my friend Jess to the Vegas one for her bday!
ID	3	is cute
ID	3	My goal is to be in bed by 2am
ID	3	is home  i love traveling, but there is nothing like coming home!
ID	3	FIFTH RUNNER UP  at keg with @kirsten95 , @devonshire94 , hannah, darian, fiona, &amp; phillipa
ID	3	I love my mom! Happy Mother's Day, mommies
ID	3	@MckMama  This has made my night!!  Way too funny!!
ID	4	@HuMBush just nothing perfect in life, darn it!
ID	3	@bencredible hopefully the weather has been nice/cooperating
ID	3	Goood Moring
ID	2	Okay now that i will not be able to sleep tonight what should we do
ID	3	Women in Science &amp; Technology conference in La Jolla - what an interesting day!  Met some really great people!
ID	3	@Jennettemccurdy http://twitpic.com/4w7yp - Haha, she looks a little like me. I'd get ecstatic if and when I meet you.
ID	3	best part of notting hill is on!!  &quot;daft prick&quot; haha love it.
ID	4	Feelin really awful. Having mono sux so much. Omg...listening to music
ID	3	@DomSoFresh bl MUTHAFUCKIN ah!  I win!
ID	4	@NiecieD Nice idea for a M-I-L gift. Did you crochet it? Good idea about looking online.  There are Youtube videos showing lefty crochet.
ID	3	@taylorswift13 I just want to say: Both you,Taylor Swift, and Hayley Williams have a great and lovely voice!
ID	2	Wats shakin out there y'all ? I'm starting to get nice now,
ID	3	I feel like dressing up for the heck of it.&amp; putting make up on. Haha
ID	3	twittering, texting, and ipoding. i love the invention of mutitasking!
ID	3	Search Ryan Carera &amp; Josh Kelley  They're really good
ID	3	Hellerrr new followerss. I'm Tricina &amp; uhhm I'm cool
ID	3	Great motorcycle ride along Hood Canal and through Gig Harbor today. Not to warm, great sunshine, stunning day
ID	2	@BayoArigbon what you took your bracket off... ? And now it's time for bed !
ID	3	I'm really excited that I'm a Queen Bee on the Power Mom 50 List  I feel really REALLY honored. #nielsenpowermoms
ID	3	@carljohnston
ID	3	Reached Bangalore!! Now gotta hunt for rooms
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day
ID	3	@fancyfantastic you know I love you.
ID	3	@Jennettemccurdy http://twitpic.com/4w7yp - this is sweet.  im loving those bracelets btw
ID	2	Sitting at the bonfire, hoping the skies will clears i can use my telescope.
ID	3	@summertime_grl love your new profile pic
ID	2	@tesser10 Those are the things that mean the world
ID	3	@shmeezie thanks for having me! i had a great time too
ID	3	@r_city tell brandon I said hi!!
ID	3	baseball games whoo hooo  when to banquet yesterday at the hyhtt sooo fun
ID	3	Watching Groove the movie with @mikecase my hubby!
ID	3	@james_stjohn That's what we hope for!
ID	2	@theWaif I was wondering about your sanity for a bit there, dear
ID	3	so who is in for bring at HK lounge tomorrow ? $12 all you can drink till 5pm... then kareoke. I think it will be a nice Sunday!
ID	2	GOOD MORNING TWEETER WORLD!
ID	4	Oh, as usual, I should warn my new followers that I tend to over-tweet during #canucks games. Apologies in advance.
ID	3	Top cashier at work today! woot woot! now off to have a drink...
ID	3	@taylorswift13 Taylor Swift I think you're so pretty it makes my heart melt everytime I see your face.
ID	3	Happy mothrs day 2 ; all thaa moms outt thr  *
ID	2	@KatiaDominos loll , of course me tooo  &amp; i love their new song toooo ?
ID	3	a chilled day  party tomorrow.
ID	3	@TheAsterik BETTER BE. ALSO, YES. UNF UNF &lt;3 ...Lisa still hasn't gotten any, btw  *smacked*
ID	3	happy mom's day  http://plurk.com/p/stsir
ID	3	@chellanglo *hugs* love you, MamaBear!  Happy Mom's Day!!!! (in case I don't see you around tomorrow)
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4w8kr - meet Bella the new member of the family!!
ID	3	It's official - Liberty Grand is my new fave reception venue... Will blog some shots Tuesday
ID	4	just got back from the Sing It Loud concert // FUCKIN AMAZING
ID	3	@hiimlianaa haha yea &quot;help&quot; (technically itz called cheating but my teacher helps us anyways so im not cheating)
ID	3	@Lady_Luck13 they are SO cute
ID	3	Happy mother's day!!! oh, I love my mom.. hehehe... happy mom's day!!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4w8l1 - Haaha, my bangs are kinda long..? oops
ID	3	Watching Sex &amp; The City at my brothers soccer game. I have totally defited the purpose of coming.. Hehe
ID	3	@JackAllTimeLow Im glad you're a lot happier barakitten  &lt;3 see yah in july
ID	3	@SHCollectibles Aww Thanks!    Glad I appreciated the weather so much yesterday!
ID	3	HAHAH, Did I hear MVP Chants in Atlanta's Arena?  At least they get it right there, unlike at staples
ID	3	@evlover0327 You are extremely clever my dear.
ID	3	@jerennyofficial Hahah JONAS in 10 min!! woop woop! it was fun me and Doug had a 2 cmmt convo. it was magical hahaha
ID	2	@shereenzangana That was fantastic! Thank you
ID	3	@jackalltimelow lucky! that's awesome
ID	3	A long day with the family.   I'm so tired now.  Had fun!
ID	3	Come on Kirk, hook up your Wii to the wifi....you can do eeet!
ID	3	It's good to be home
ID	3	@opinionatedant Have a great weekend Mononoke  I may be tweeting from inside the movie theater either Monday or Tuesday  lol
ID	3	Finally making some headway in the family room!  Home is finally begining to look like it!  btw dial up can go die!
ID	2	@Nyblaque - halla!!! doing ok- got a cold but trying to ignore it  how about you?
ID	3	spending the night with mom and Tommy.. just ordered Pizza Hut.. yum!
ID	4	@haldira awww too bad I won't be there - I'd entertain the thought of entering
ID	3	waking up at 6 am? yuuup. still going out tonight? you better believe it.
ID	3	And, I'm accumulating money again, so I can use a fancy finance app. Thinking of getting another CD or an IRA.  saving for a house. crazy!
ID	2	he's back! meeting him in 40 mins
ID	3	havin friends over hangin out with christian tonight!!  gonna roast marshmellows and chocolate and cramcrackers.!?!?!
ID	3	winding down, love having a low key day.
ID	3	Partied long and hard...goodnight Twitter see ya in the mornin
ID	3	@bluecrystaldude happy attending kenduri.. eat those yummy stuffs on my behalf ya.
ID	3	I'm one of them... Just got off phone w/ chanel   I told he  to tell u ur a brat for the temptation... Which I couldn't pass up! Thanks!
ID	3	@starryeyedsoul Meeeee! It sounds delicious
ID	3	@sayitwithecards Thanks for the #followfriday!
ID	3	I hope they re-run this nerdprom later-  sounds like they're having LOTS of fun.  Thanks all for the play-by-play
ID	0	@snookca looking forward to the reading this post as I like your 'no bullshit' writing and often learn a few things
ID	1	@snookca looking forward to the reading this post as I like your 'no bullshit' writing and often learn a few things
ID	4	@theDebbyRyan How does it look like a Ninja Tutle?!  xo lol
ID	3	Getting my hair done bout to hit the club ....... Ha see u later ....... Smooches
ID	3	Coool. - Weekend wasnt that great, eeeh. Whattttever.  Friday was better than I expected it to be, so I... http://tumblr.com/x9i1qwu42
ID	3	Mom, happy mother's day  love you. Thanks for everything. I'm sorry for being such a spoilt brat all the whiles. You are my HERO!
ID	3	@shootingstarmzx yup Florin cat foo sho, don't worry about the whole pix thing, I'm a sexy piece of caucasian sensation  lol
ID	4	Yeahh cenare lo mismo qe Rosher! ok ok Roger  wiii
ID	3	The time Is 3.50am and if finished my essay  I can have Sunday off  woop
ID	3	@amandabynes omg in your pic youu look so cuute !
ID	3	@kaybhart You WILL be succesful  Love You!
ID	3	Just watched another episode of JONAS. Is it better than Hannah Montana? Very much true!
ID	3	@tycrisp hi ty. good morning. happy mom's day to your mom. i love that your entire family is adding me on FB! i love 'em, very sweet!
ID	3	Starting out @chuckreynolds bday bash with a Blue Moon  - Photo: http://bkite.com/07k6X
ID	2	@TrueBlue9 Venus is my fav character, too! LOL I think b/c she's strong, successful, and beautiful.
ID	4	I'm hungry. And single.  heading to the golfing range soon.
ID	3	having a bath with epsom salts and listening to carrie underwood
ID	3	So glad to be home with my family, quite glad I get to see @iflyhighsky in a week. Lots of things to be happy about.
ID	3	@russiandiva  Tat, You looks beautiful and are a heck of a mama and business woman.   Dana
ID	3	haha. i love you too aimeeeeeee!
ID	3	@assos Eh, it's alright - nowhere near the same quality as a standard keyboard, but still useful!
ID	3	lifes been sweet ever since thursday    im totally livin the life right now
ID	3	@dpbkmb Thank you for FF
ID	2	@iampritty sweetie pie, buttercup, married ppl share hehehehehe.....this includes ur shoe collection  I am trading UP!
ID	3	Why do you think people say, &quot;save the drama fo yo mama?&quot; I'm sure even yo mama wouldn't wanna listen to ur drama. Ode to mother's day!
ID	3	Get on a plane! Come drink my Cristal with me
ID	2	@monicacai is over
ID	2	@DJSpencer19  true. i think its important 2 be sensitive 2 it when we relate 2 others. empathy. a reminder we cant judge a book by a cover
ID	2	@watsjaydoin I've got 18 yr @ home &amp; 26 out the house &amp; they're always here! AND they bring FRIENDS! WHY?  Hope you have a blessed Day!
ID	3	See No Evil starring WWE wrestler Kane. You should watch it
ID	3	@Afish0410 awwww jim jam  we're good at dodging meatballs WOO
ID	3	The Black Canyon seriously have the BEST fusion food around
ID	3	@michelereinach Molly was born on my birthday!!!! *cue twilight zone music*
ID	3	McDonalds in the car.  http://tinyurl.com/onoger
ID	3	wish all the mother in the flatworld have a happy &amp; awesome mother's day
ID	2	btw @austincarlile, @jaxinhall, @philipmanansala, and @youngfuego, i ordered some of yer merch yesterday.!  &lt;33333333333
ID	3	party in the beach
ID	3	@xxLOVExxPEACE yes  and i want you to keep going if you would ;)
ID	3	@aprilllllx hey girlie!!!
ID	3	@jazzii3phiizzl3 oh mm gee we got aerolas in the live tonite
ID	3	oo. and studied today outside after having a ben+jerry's.. wearing a sundress, hopefully didn't get an awkward tan line.. haha!
ID	3	@budceiling Sorry.  I'm a squirrellist, and I only talk to black or sliver squirrels.
ID	3	it sleepy time  [&lt;cody&gt;]
ID	3	@mexiabill I love it as well!
ID	2	Is responding to an email.
ID	3	@etherjammer  I think it's because I'm always offtopic and sometimes inappropriate (germination and &quot;fruit picking&quot; jokes, etc)
ID	3	Now I like #startrek. Personal feels that #Startrek movie is better than #xmen.
ID	3	@onti1 have fun tonight
ID	3	awwww..I love him! His car was soooo CUTE tonight!! I love me some Carl..My 10yr old is sad now..LOL..
ID	3	Had a great family party for our 14 y/o!  What a great family that God gave us!  Esp those we chose!
ID	3	@SmBizGuru You are very welcome. You deserve #followfriday every day!
ID	3	@tommyreyes OHHH my bad! yes him  heh heh
ID	3	@StorySeeker lol...but they aren't here! I'll tell them to do that Monday. lol
ID	2	@scarybunnies Abrams has his quirks for sure.   I'll summarize my post like this: decent flick, but NOT a &quot;Star Trek&quot; story.
ID	3	@davorado Bet she plays on Medium and you play on easy too huh...  #iPhone #Fun #Game
ID	3	I really really like the song Love Story by Taylor Swift
ID	2	umm i failed 3 classes - mom's beating my ass in school on monday . RIP Nira .  &quot; yayyy &quot; (the &quot;yay&quot; was a sense of sarcasm) -___-
ID	2	@BruceOCz Thanks for the advice! Went to the doctor's and slept a lot yesterday  Must be the meds.
ID	2	Just got a new Ipod.  Life's Good.
ID	3	@actionchick  YAY! I love new ppl! WOOOOO!!
ID	2	@mikewat that picture is priceless! i think @ericharlan might start #sharetub
ID	2	@minhteeeefresh haiiii sankQ i'm fineee ima js get a checkup cos my rib hurts LOL idk but i shall be fine ~ thanks
ID	3	im officially done with school til fall.
ID	3	i have twitter, sooo i'm pretty damn cool now
ID	3	@Lawrence_n_DC amendment 4.5: the right to be big pimpin? Because gotta say, a positive right at best. Man, 2nd time tonight w/ this thrd
ID	3	@theoreo i don't want to do anything specific, i just want to see you and puppy!
ID	3	As a reward for getting so much done yesterday, I'm playing World of Warcraft today. Yay!
ID	3	@sonya415 hotness personified
ID	3	@christian792 LOL we're such twitter addicts
ID	4	My blackberry ran out of juice in the middle of the day...it was miserable! No twitter or email at my beck and call, truly awful
ID	3	just woke up from a delightful nap. I can't desribe how much success is involved in an 8am nap on sat night....need rhubarb now
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	Get to see and hopefully meet these guys next week at ROTR!! Can NOT wait!!!  Adelitas Way - Invincible ? http://blip.fm/~5ynxr
ID	3	On my macbook  Inviting Friend to Twitter  and Happy Mothers Day
ID	3	@moncho33 A pues bien small world small world. yo amo a la chiquita esa. she is such a great friend.
ID	3	@hobbz You really think it was that awesome? We'll have to discuss
ID	3	just made a cake for mi madre  i'm goooooddd!
ID	3	@SweetIsa it was a crazy time, nothing to be ashamed of that you were timid. you were osocute in your bashfulness
ID	3	@cassowaryjewel Excellent point.
ID	3	@dgottesman Happy Birthday!
ID	3	yeah! i made a drawing today and now im getting flooded with requests for portraits for people
ID	3	@gush4plush Congratulations! Check that one off your to do list!
ID	3	Welcoming cimmarongirl  I'm so proud!
ID	3	Teaching people the beauty of twitter
ID	3	Ushers: You guys made Mother's Day really awesome today! Thanks for coming in early to prep the surprise gifts for all our moms!!
ID	3	@Postlemonkey Oh, awesome, I have Yahooo!  Good night, sleep tight, don't let the bed bugs bite!
ID	4	@amyxstftk actually, i really do. mostly when i forget to take off my makeup before bed
ID	3	@glossymom yeah i am getting to that point. Need a new phone anyway so its gonna happen real soon!!
ID	3	@taylorswift13 Mine too! Hayley is great
ID	3	@MariahCarey can your 500 hrs of beautey school fix that?  haha
ID	3	@taylorswift13 TAYLOR! are you back in Nashville now..or LA? well, how was your trip? did ya have fun? love ya girly!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4w9ce - my future car ! I love it !
ID	3	@justinsxe woot, woot! super cool
ID	3	@CherryBlossoms4 YEYYYY MADDY IS FABULOUSSSSSS GOD BLESS HER
ID	3	just got home from work. ready for chill time  shoot me a PM. aim: pillowtalk6188
ID	3	Had a ton of fun w muffin today
ID	3	Bleah a tad tipsy and too many cup cakes. Maddies birthday tomorrow + family party
ID	3	@AimeeLady The girls there last night would have let her! And I figure the boys would have enjoyed watching...
ID	3	Is it possible to pass out he your laying down? Bed soon if i can sleep &lt;3
ID	3	With my jordie for a little bit
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day to all the mums in my life and those that are not
ID	2	Nooo, I'm not in love.  I'm just developing a crush. A small one. Heehee.  My second one. Shadduppp.
ID	3	Just saw the new Star Trek movie. It was so good!! Zachary Quinto is amazingggg
ID	2	@sjowen I had a double cheeseburger and fries from The Golden Arches....I will be sicker than a dog tomorrow.
ID	0	@amilliemills neva mind ya friend had called me jealous and i wanted to kno of what literally of what but its ova  is my tude now
ID	1	@amilliemills neva mind ya friend had called me jealous and i wanted to kno of what literally of what but its ova  is my tude now
ID	3	Made breakfast for bf; went to sears to pass my drivers test! stayed with minh for a lil, sauna&amp;spa with aunt, uncle &amp; mom; FINALLY HOME
ID	2	This is fun !  haha re guy from all American rejects looks like he's on crack!!
ID	2	i freaking LOVED star trek  now we're watching xmen.
ID	3	@EdenQueenBean sure, as long as you said where they're from! glad you like them
ID	3	@heffabella i dont know u but heeeeeeey  my name is shannn *extends hand* put er there. where u from?
ID	3	@bumblebeex0 yeah the freedom is awesome, it's great being a little more independent
ID	3	@chanterene feel better my love i will bring u some soul food make u feel good
ID	3	DW, that was funny
ID	3	Please everyone to vote for me to become the next Maxim Coors Caddy girl...only takes a few minutes  http://tinyurl.com/dloeyu
ID	3	I need to change my ways, instead of just being weak. I love @ddlovato she's a great role model
ID	3	its funny how people can forget their anger with the arrival of other people they least expect to see
ID	3	getting ready for the concert tonight! YAY!
ID	3	@Kicesie or elope  I can't wait to see the pictures of you in the dress. It will be breath taking
ID	4	ugh i wish this school year would go faster so i can move on in life
ID	3	animating an ad for work. One of my favorite things to do. So much so that I'm doing it on a saturday night for fun!
ID	3	Bass drum heads breaking equals bust. Who needs tickets for May 15th? You?
ID	2	Finally made it to JP Licks in Coolidge Corner for some Oreo soft serve   http://twitpic.com/4w9pe
ID	3	&quot;It's not rape if you scream surprise first.&quot; - my customer just said to me. Haha.  (via @OMGitsJessieLee)LMAO
ID	3	just got back from six flags  wicked fun. even tho i almost died!
ID	3	@musiclove18 haha thanks  its for history and its on how the invention of television has influence america lol
ID	3	Writing my Music Lit final paper on Mozart's Eine kleine nashtmusik. Mom is giving me a hand...and I'm actually having a GREAT time
ID	3	mmmmmm mcdonalds coffee is soooooo good.....maybe going to hookah tonight with the abbster
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight BTW I STILL can't believe how Awesome the NEWJABBAKIDZ performance was...U in the masks..I screamed at my pc
ID	3	nothing better than to have your Grandaughter smile and nothing feels better than that big hug!! Grandkids, what a hoot!
ID	3	@LeesonDoyle Haha, AWESOME! And, clearly, only Trinity is awesome enough to have access to it!
ID	3	@AnalystAlterEgo LOL! Yeah, well, same applies to the grocery store.
ID	2	Pictures of Cassie from the Crawfish Boil make me smile real big  Also, my desktop is still fail. Ultimate fail. It hates me.
ID	2	@CeeTheTruthy what kind of food Celli? I'm following you now
ID	3	@AimeeLady Lol... She is fine the way she is  How has your weekend been?
ID	3	just finished YSC runthrough for service! It's gonna be awesome!  - http://tweet.sg
ID	3	anyone excited for harry potter like i am. damn twilight postponed my first love   oh well off to find some hai chai
ID	2	Hmm...Whilst, walking through the city I received an inviataion into an SUV Limo via some prom fellows... Don't they have dates? Oh boys!
ID	4	watching &quot;That Thing You Do&quot; on Comcast. Missing my boo like crrrrrazy!
ID	4	@ShebaBaby should be a rebroadcast of last weeks Pacquiao-Hatton fight. Don't plan your night around it.  I've said too much already.
ID	3	@chaotic_barb I'm totally with ya.  I blocked the negative from my stream
ID	3	@SairzBillington lol, thanks  I think my husband would classify it as &quot;annoying&quot; - but I like awesome so much better
ID	3	@GericaQuinn lmao haha nice lolz it's all good though. i can wait  lol
ID	3	michelle is a hot mama with chichis grande
ID	3	@LoveLinds HEY THAT'S SOMETHING I'D DO!
ID	3	good morning everbody!
ID	2	@sweetsheilx Same to your mom too pril
ID	3	after prom party tonight
ID	3	you are so right! @Adrianmw1
ID	3	good night! im off to sleeep!!!! 5 am  good mornining! xD
ID	3	Alright! Party was a success! We all had fun, &amp; now it's over
ID	3	@DianaRay1 I KNOW I'm so excited for them!
ID	3	mmmmmm, late night Brusters ice cream! om nom nom nom
ID	3	Happy Mothers' Day to my mom and all the mothers in the world
ID	3	BYEEEEE!!!
ID	4	@MeggieMouse what are you going 40 hours with out? i'd say my computer or my phone but i did that last week and i didnt care at all..
ID	4	Sinse i had dis thing..not 1 reply not 1 message. Nuffin! pshh who cares..i know im special  X
ID	3	*PEN JAM CLEARED* CLICK!
ID	3	Just reached my Cellgroup leader's house and he is surprised that I'm dry. Haha.  - http://tweet.sg
ID	3	don't ya just love a free night to catch up on your DVR shows? ANTM here I come...ha ha!
ID	3	Yay! Made it home. Feels great to be back and it's still light out.
ID	4	i had the best day ever! i missed him. more tomorrow too
ID	4	Waiting tables is exhausting! My feet are so sore. Note to self: never become a waitress. Also, kudos to George for the awesome tri-tip
ID	3	The food here looks amazing! Our dessert is Frozen Grand Marnier Souffle, of course we have to eat @ the bar
ID	3	@stevetilley it was a lonely battle, my friend, but you fought valiantly!
ID	3	just got back from greenlake.  it was such a nice day today!
ID	2	@blindllama i can do all that  but wha would i be learning?
ID	2	Back fr Doctor &amp; officially hv v dry eyes ...  but at least nothing serious
ID	3	@Tellybelly1 Aww...thanks! He's the best husband ever. He really is. I'm so lucky!  Hope you're having a wonderful Saturday evening!
ID	2	@OfficialAthenaR haha. It does have a nice ring to it (: Lets get used to that. ok! iloveyoutoo.
ID	3	having a great mothers day
ID	2	@debtguide Cool Guide.. My best Tip.. Do NOT Use Them Unless Absolutely Needed !!!
ID	3	Zzzz... I'm taking my mom out for breakfast tomorrow!  Shall be quite a treat.
ID	3	THANKS GUYS! 200 FOLLOWERS
ID	3	@inflight1  we get so bored with routine.. lol!
ID	2	@StampGarden PRETTY! I hope I win
ID	3	after some pizzas, going sleep
ID	3	Spongebob sing a long. Amandas mom gave me and crystal jonas brothers calendars
ID	3	I don't care about netsexor cams or the route to heaven, however, #lobster sounds super good.  I'm almost tempted to go get some.
ID	3	@plsdontgogurl That's the one. I wish I have a video compilation of @jordanknight's thrusting
ID	3	@LiveCrunch haha  Thanks!
ID	3	walking home listening to music and singing to myself. :d Six feet under the stars
ID	3	@charmainelhs then you must insist you write essays the twitter way - no more than 140 characters
ID	2	live chat soooon most likely.
ID	3	on the north im BOOMIN!!!.. lol.. fucc the club dog i rather count a million buccz!!!..  ..THEY CALL ME STARBUCCZ BITCH!!!..
ID	3	Writing and researching. Tired of being foolish, so I'm educating myself &amp; moving forward. Gonna marry a white boy they do you right!!!
ID	3	Go Canada they made Nikkie Payne #1 comic well she is soo yeah but she is only funny to pervs or teens or people in my family
ID	2	@MelvinJames hey there.  How are you. Pleasant surprise
ID	3	finally made it to phoenix!  I am home.
ID	4	I'm jumping off the nearest bridge if I can't have it
ID	3	@lar206 just saw a baby blue regal with the word &quot;SLAB&quot; written in huge letters on the side  hahaaaa
ID	3	@RussellMoyer olawd go see it, its priceless  soooo funny
ID	2	Whoops! Start Trek,...not Start! Duh.
ID	3	happy sunday all
ID	3	D-Lab on MIT Open courseware http://is.gd/ygt5 There goes my chances of getting any work done in the next few weeks
ID	2	omg having so much fun watcing house bunny, courto isa a ledge for sending me link  &lt;3
ID	0	@Kenichan  It's fully of grabbyhands and bad candy, thanks! &lt;3 How's you?
ID	1	@Kenichan  It's fully of grabbyhands and bad candy, thanks! &lt;3 How's you?
ID	3	@kikkitigerwolf @FranciscoIV Oh, and the fan is put together &amp; love it!
ID	3	Dinner with Gma and the big sis by the water!  yummmmmm
ID	3	Is waiting for Foreigner start
ID	4	@Strabismus I try to ignore..just noticing new M.O.'s . I LOVE Sonic drinks. Cherry limeade mmm
ID	3	@sheasylvia Sometimes I wish Twitter had Facebook's &quot;like&quot; just so I could give you a thumbs up. Great job either way  - I suck too btw
ID	3	Had so much fun with j and family  Happy bday my beautiful aunt! s2
ID	2	@titothebuilder how crappy for him
ID	3	@SaraBareilles That's a great point... but I'm not shitting in ANY! woods, Sara... you should know better.  Haha
ID	3	@taylorswift13 i love Paramore!  welcome back
ID	2	@Sij8 2002 - the TSX is nice just cuz it's a new car- handles nice but doesn't have the horses of the TL-S
ID	3	I would love to sleep with pete Lmfao   jk
ID	3	Make sure your mom knows you love her
ID	3	hey guys = ) i went to Jenny's house today!! i had so much fun    so how about everyone else? what did u guys doo?
ID	3	@KeepinUpWKris hope you have a great day tomorrow!!  happy mothers day!  let us know what you did
ID	3	Feeling special @ looking4him first guy to give me flowers.
ID	3	holy smokes! star trek was freaking awesomeeeee
ID	3	@geramie yeah I was thinking about that ,ahaha
ID	3	@LaurenConrad Hey Lauren...I'm a huge fan! I hope you are having fun at Wango Tango!!
ID	4	@xxyouSHiNExx hey! haha, yep! that was me! negative comments get me reallllyyy mad; so i always defend them!  haha!
ID	3	Been Mother Day shopping....wow...big thanks to my sister for coming with me. Sorry about getting you drunk though
ID	3	@BarackObama i heart you
ID	3	With @MOBARZHARLEM walking the streets of Harlem. Home sweet home
ID	3	@omgdarleny hahaa your awesomee !
ID	3	Just got done watching Bedtime Stories! Love that movie!
ID	3	@TheYotesDiva Yep, I tolerate nothing in the facebook group
ID	3	News of the Wierd is so entertaining
ID	4	Arrested in the hotel
ID	0	@LiteratePervert kewl - standing by to be rocked
ID	1	@LiteratePervert kewl - standing by to be rocked
ID	3	feeling like in 16 again - watching TWILIGHT &amp; enjoying it
ID	3	I'm so proud of my NAU graduate friend!!! We're getting ready to celebrate  tonight!!! It'll be an international ordeal~
ID	3	@ MGM grand, mraz on stage! No doubling back opener.  lots of old memories flooding back
ID	3	@christinerose Congratulations on winning the Indie Award
ID	3	have a good day  @tuanyia @mirandaspazz @augustblossom @amoremotore ? http://blip.fm/~5yomt
ID	2	@lovetf Alright, sorry. But I think you should go anyways
ID	3	Finally at home
ID	3	@capemaybooks alright don't want you to overdue it now. LOL you are funny  nite nite
ID	3	going to bed. i love the jonas brothers!! the last time me and megan were together was the weekend of the premiere of JONAS!! -lauryn &lt;33
ID	3	@mikegentile http://twitpic.com/4l85a - best kind of gum ever! I just bought a pack
ID	3	just got home from the show opening.  fantastic. thanks to everyone who came out
ID	3	Helping with &quot;kiddie church&quot; tomorrow! Yay little guys!!
ID	4	76 long and painful miles today.  knees ache.  approaching 50 years is rough. not accepting it well.  3 glasses of draft helped.
ID	3	@mrskutcher you guys are an awesome couple
ID	3	has enjoyed her first day of summer
ID	3	@BigGuitarStore I'll drink to that  #shotdrinksaturday
ID	3	@George_Mounce yes and it lasts way past my bedtime!
ID	3	@SecretVampire:  nice to see you on twitter!
ID	3	@loyaleagle good catch!  Thanks a bunch- have to put up a new widget.
ID	3	Had tons of fun, yay!!  On to after prom for lots more fun, horayyyayayay
ID	3	Wishing a Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful Mothers out there.
ID	3	Sad thing is samsam loves my sexy crooked body! And she wants to sex it now
ID	3	@mrskutcher Happy Mother's Day!!
ID	3	@MarvetBritto Awesome! that's how I wanna roll when I become mogul status
ID	3	my new phrase is 'you never doubt mo williams'   six game win streak!
ID	3	@sweetangieollie ooh a storm, that's always welcome news  Happy Mothers Day!
ID	2	@TR0se school and work that's it really. what about u? still in sac? or am I a tittle late
ID	0	i blame you all!  got it??? good :p she better be in good condition 2! &lt;33 night
ID	1	i blame you all!  got it??? good :p she better be in good condition 2! &lt;33 night
ID	3	..my mother just WON the City of Terrell, Texas District 2 'City Council' Seat  ..i'm M.i.A lol HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
ID	2	@inJenious Pics? Ah, I'll probably see you at work at some point... Hopefully b4 it grows out too much
ID	3	happy mothers day to all you mums out there
ID	3	@xXmIxEdMoDeLXx im in schaumburg rite now ... and u want ice cream lol its type chilly outside lol i got ice cream here
ID	3	mrskutcher &amp; aplusk you two are to funny!
ID	3	@DanSherwood lannen fall?    we have a new EP coming out shortly.  I want you dudes to hear it!
ID	3	@purplefrogcat Happy Mother's Day to you
ID	3	Happy mothers day to all the mums!
ID	3	loves her mummy with everything she has. always and forever mummy dearest. (love to ma and nanny too,  xx)
ID	3	@nyisles if you like those cookies, you are going to LOVE my cookies   Lars Tetens cookies that is. You coming to see us on 5/16?
ID	3	just got back from my grandparents suprise 60th anniversary party...it was sooooo much fun!!!
ID	3	11:10pm on a Saturday... you know what that means! BEDTIME!
ID	3	had a very good day and is now going to get into bed!
ID	3	Updated blog. Shows You Should Be Watching: The Unusuals http://digg.com/u12w7c Go check it out
ID	3	Fort Greene Brooklyn Flea was lovely! - looking forward to next weekend already
ID	3	haha i just watch a funny ass video on youtube  made my day
ID	0	It's not now... Nor has it ever been Weigly North!! Have avoid drive home!!
ID	1	It's not now... Nor has it ever been Weigly North!! Have avoid drive home!!
ID	3	@StickySoyChai well that propels people to change direction. No point wasting your days on something you lost the passion for.
ID	2	@jo_dazzles Well tonight would be a good time to watch.
ID	2	@TokiWartooth  Thanks! My mom's seed is larger and already cracked (and planted). I hope Avalina isn't a dud!
ID	3	I'm learning the guitar very quickly. It's coming naturally
ID	2	Baltimore beat the Yankees  @Ashley094
ID	3	Just snappy's delivered some tea and ice cream. I love my sister.
ID	3	Going to church in the morning...happy mommas day almost
ID	2	@15minsofmetal sweet, I'm trying to earn my crown for gluten free baking!
ID	3	Tom graduated today
ID	2	Just joined. &lt;_&lt; Not even sure if any of my friends have Twitters, maybe I'll just be a celeb stalker o.o
ID	3	http://yfrog.com/0guyoj bonfires are my fave!
ID	3	@moonfrye I thought I was the only one with the tags on the outside of my shirt
ID	3	I know my sunshine did wonderful today  I had an alright day! Text me twitterers.
ID	3	@ExocetAU i always have those for my Champions League parties  Tis awesome
ID	3	Its 11:11  make a wish
ID	4	We need to ban together and recognize that we aren't always going to agree, but that's ok  #tcot
ID	3	got back from visiting relatives...time to watch a movie
ID	3	@emelgeek Btw happy mom's day to hannah and your mom and han's mom! Yey! Moms unite! This is your day
ID	3	Grilled chicken, broccolli, and water.  Yummy and healthy. Well until I put butter on my veggies but whatever
ID	2	now the party begins  prob wont be tweeting again tonight even tho im guessing we'll be up for hours, gnight everyone
ID	4	I got me a little too much sun today
ID	3	@iandstewart I can honestly say that thematic had a big part in my blogging enthusiam ~ I love being able to do what I want
ID	3	Steel Magnolias gets me every time.. SNIFF... LOL!!! V and B make my days and nights brighter too
ID	3	So happy. Great, glowy, ravey, beery night. Now smokey, pizzary night with cool friends. And I love liz  x
ID	3	@enderwillsaveme that's such a good movie!!!!
ID	3	watching chelsea lately!  loveeeee her &lt;3
ID	3	@mikeyway http://twitpic.com/4vw9a - I'm not gonna buy one...nor two... But three! I will be the ultimate slaughter machine!
ID	3	@aoibhe   well, I couldn't get a real clear shot, but I've got the best I could...silly people walking through the admitting of the ER...
ID	3	Congrats @msdaisy425...so proud of you girl
ID	3	@johncmayer What does it matter? We ALL love you.  Take your pick. HA!
ID	3	@heyitscheryl ooh like what? I'm planning on spending the night in as well
ID	3	watchin family guy
ID	3	@RSC_Girl123 Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers have my eternal love. Benjamin.  ????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
ID	4	I wasn't going to go out tonight but looks like I'll be heading over to Main Street
ID	4	@BeccaChan Happy Birthday!  sorry for the blank one my sister messed me up.
ID	3	@SamBradleyTN i looooove me some star trek. runs in the family
ID	3	@ginaturner i'm fake. . Is that the same?   ~K~
ID	3	(L) ice grande half-sweet French vanilla soy milk from Starbucks means summaa's coming !!!
ID	2	@AmyyVee didn't make it to 1000 but I smoked her.  She's at 60 and I'm at 260.  thank you! How r u?
ID	3	@KarlaaM_ A blouse! ahahaha I gave her money and she went to get it!  Where's your mom??
ID	3	@natashayi between the Garlic Pills, the Spider bite between your toe (LOL-Classic) and you always being hungry. U are killing me 2 funny
ID	3	Thanks to @ksatnews and @doublepunching for the updates on tonight votes.
ID	3	@saaphyri Girl, you're crazy... I LOVE! you.  Hahaha, and I GOT! yo' Lp Chap.
ID	3	ellen degeneres and mcfly fans!  i say we try to get mcfly on the ellen show..how about it?
ID	3	@bumblebeex0 awesome! maybe someday I'll find a book of yours on the bestsellers list? lol
ID	3	over him  finally
ID	3	At the end, i loved my night
ID	3	@kirstiealley ROFLMFAO!!!! You love us better, don't you!
ID	3	I had an amazing night with my friends!!!  now I am losing my voice!
ID	3	@sweetdee15 Your peanut butter soup was amazing and so was everything else!  Your soup was just a higher form of amazing
ID	4	Just talked to @samgrover's cute grandma on the phone.  She only speaks Hindi-not my best language-but somehow we manged
ID	3	@tuffyr that is cute, a manly cute of course.  reminds me of a Scion
ID	2	@GetReadySetGo thanks!!  I'm a fabric addict lately - I've bought soooo much!
ID	3	happy mother's day
ID	3	@chickieleighc That was nice. I Just ordered my mom her gift from me and my sister.   Something different and unexpected.
ID	3	@mattgreen110 Yah, I know. I appreciate it a ton
ID	3	@victoriabsb That sucks! Eat a Burrito!  They're way to fun! Hey check this out: http://backstreetpride.net/teamburritocontest.html
ID	3	I've got jam! Oh yea.
ID	3	@bkGirlFriday thanks! You're the first one to wish me a happy mother's day
ID	3	@bendthelight I heart you girls!! Let's hang out soon!
ID	3	Watching my fav movie...Two Can Play That Game! &quot;Ever notice how men start to act up around Spring time?&quot; Shante Smith
ID	3	perfect night in nj.
ID	2	At the movies. . . About to watch Star Trek!
ID	3	I don't feel any pressure right now...    Happy Mother's Day people...
ID	3	@baloneyFACE probably the coooolest thing we've ever done
ID	3	@BeDimples Lmao dimples naww thats cute , ok ill try to remember first of winter is dimple day
ID	3	crazy in love sfoot cover 4 that song is awesome better than the original well at least that's what i think
ID	3	Smoking Maryjane is my favorite thing to do  speaking of ima name my daughter Maryjane Lakoda. Lakoda is mrijuana is latin&lt;3
ID	3	@iamglennie how fun!  Invite her to the hhs group
ID	3	today was a lovely day! I had fun with @sarzp and @harryv401 this evening!
ID	3	@emma_daarling haha yah it's walking distance from my house  Mission Tiki Drive-In haha every summer we go like every weekend
ID	4	@sharkattack44 i wish there was an &quot;i like&quot; option (like fb) for things like this
ID	3	FREE FREE FREE- just a pesky registration but after that  ENJOY http://bit.ly/rlQGu
ID	3	Im eating a salad  and rember to comment my new myspace pictures plz?
ID	3	listening to the falling rain...lalala
ID	3	I have found the best songd to have stuck in my head are relient k songs...I know every word and can finish them
ID	3	@tayloregly I am filming musicans friends of mine  @Landslideduo at a Legion  These people sure know how to dance
ID	3	loving life lately!!!!  Looking forward to going to see Samantha! Hanging out with Natalie right now!
ID	3	Strawberry margaritas + baked stuffed shrimp =
ID	3	Makeup + cute dress = I'm ready to go
ID	3	Saw Star Trek yesterday and Wolverine today....loved them both, Jackman abs and ass and Spock ears
ID	3	its a beautiful,albeit, windy at times, night in So No....
ID	3	where is the love by the black eyed peas, so many memories. Watching the hulk!
ID	2	Happy Mother's Day one day early to all moms everywhere---you deserve to have your own day.
ID	3	@DanWarp &quot;Shut Up&quot; was the line removed from the locker scene! I bet I could recite that speech easily! Dare me?!?!
ID	3	Figured out twitter for my phone
ID	3	finally got my SayNow account up and running  YAYY JBs got a Canadian SayNow number!.. is anyone else using their landline phone? CALL ME!
ID	3	@jonaskevin I loved it! You guys are amazing!
ID	2	@christyharrison iloveyoumoreeee
ID	3	@BeccyR It's a program that shows all Twitter and Facebook status updates all in one.. it's alright, but yeah probably won't use it often
ID	3	@OklahomaStar Good luck 2 u and the babies
ID	2	@AboveAllFabric  Hells Yeah. Block away. Just not sweet lil' ole me.
ID	2	@BPDINOKC Thanks!
ID	3	A slice of pizza, a movie (Star Trek), and a shared hot fudge sundae @ Sundae House. Saturday nights are Date Nights again
ID	3	@veeiceekayi look, i'm following you!
ID	3	loves GOSSIP GIRL Episode 23, The Wrath of Con
ID	3	A gift to myself. PUBLISHED! Episode 68 Align and Re-Align with Sensitivity Level 1-2 75 min #yoga class  http://bit.ly/8QAgh
ID	3	@perivision btw - downloaded iphone 3.0 sdk
ID	3	I just put my TV on the Canucks game and they score  yaay come on VanCity baby (I know, I can't believe I'm watching hockey either)
ID	3	SUPER BUENO FTW!!! I am so proud of you guys.
ID	3	@David_Henrie have fun dude. Love u on &quot;wizards of waverly place&quot;!!!
ID	3	JONAS was absolutely heartwarming. Now, time for bed. Goodnight!  @Jonasbrothers
ID	2	as we were disembarking @ Tswassen we saw a pod of killer whales ^^ i'd just finished pointing out that i'd never seen bc killer whales.
ID	3	bye! off to the movies with jake
ID	3	@DanielleAdalis the ending is te funniest, you'll see. ;) @JonasBrothers you know paranoif is always stuck in my head?? Love it.
ID	3	@musicislife2010 Really? Bahaha. I love that you relate people to that. haha.
ID	2	Got to reconnect with some dear friends tonight.  I am so lucky to have so many great people in my life.  I am blessed
ID	3	such a fun night with Bekah just talkin and stuff. Wuv her
ID	3	I dedicated today to Mothers Day videos because without Moms (and Dads) we wouldn't be here tweeting.
ID	3	Gonna go drop some logs in the pool  back in 15 min
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wave - aww since its mothers day
ID	3	lucky to be where i belong
ID	3	@nathydiaz it was ok after all. a couple of things made us late and stuff but after we got there we had a lot of fun.
ID	3	Just got home from a day of pampering and shopping!!!! My white outfit is now totally complete
ID	3	@Coodieranks Thats nice. My cousin just left my house. He has daughter's their all daddy's girls. So sweet
ID	3	its awful breezy out here good thing they sold blankets!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day!!!  I'm at the beach with my family. It's a warm, clear night with a beautiful full moon...
ID	3	Making a video for HitRecord... hope it comes out well, it'll be my first record
ID	3	alone @ home... nice  very nice!!
ID	3	@Claymoore for sure! You and your wife seem like cool cats.
ID	2	diiinner  its sooo cold right here D:
ID	3	@kakakatey That's cause Ovie is the one man team and when they show Pens highlights, it's the whole because we have more than 1 superstar
ID	2	@tiffrobyn lol what did Perez say now?? please don't make me actually go look
ID	3	@manoyjoe: thanks. happy mother's day to your mom as well.
ID	3	Summer is finally here! Graduation in a week!
ID	3	is hanging out with the roomies. I adore the 4 gentlemen I live with. Great people and a good talk when discussing boy issues!!
ID	3	woah! I Love the new twitter app! So many new things to do. just got finished watching Jon4Lakers video on this and it was good.
ID	3	what fun!  I got retweeted by a bot
ID	3	@e__O lol but tiz a good song
ID	3	Star trek was good times.
ID	3	Crawling into bed super happy that the Penguins won tonight
ID	3	@arielle_marie Justin Timberlake is sooo funny!!
ID	3	Phase 2 was a success. Self discovery is vital. Phase 3 is only mins away. Cool &amp; Classy baby! Shout out 2 &quot;D&quot; yeah mane!
ID	3	@jtimberlake love the new website
ID	3	@Dynamomagician Dude you are awesome
ID	3	@penguinsnews Go Pens go, Gino Wins it for the Pens
ID	3	Mom's day dinner was awesome -  can't beat a taco loco - good times
ID	3	@ayanakamura0428 so excited for you and Paris ooh lala  i look forward to knowing you a long long time lovely ! hugs n kisses g
ID	2	today was alot of fun. i love my family ,sammy hernandez and caitlin hughes.  goodnight!
ID	3	loves John Mayer's updates.  And modeling in the hot sun... and being sweaty... jk. But seriously...
ID	3	just got out of the shower.. man i feel good..
ID	3	&quot;She threatened me, I patronized her, we didn't have anything to eat, but I thought there was a connection.&quot;    Movie night.
ID	3	@Harley_Dude Very nice. Good night
ID	3	my Mom rocks.
ID	3	Doin the Damn Thing Here at the Crib..Bout to Watch Star Trek... Yup
ID	3	@Teresamerica oh yeah he IS!  .. you should see him when he REALLY gets going! LOL .. doesn't care WHO doesn't like it heheheheh GREAT!
ID	3	@TheLonely perfect song!
ID	3	@kimberlyhopkins probably...why not!
ID	2	@andylevy p.s. i heart your face
ID	3	Playing Ghost Online is really interesting. The new updates are Kirin pet and Metamorph for third job.  Can't wait to have a dragon pet
ID	4	I jus planted a garden in my backyard
ID	3	New pickkshaa! If it's really big then it looks MILKY!  YAAAY!
ID	3	@orphanth i just had pasta  from pizzahut.
ID	3	@wethedan its my birthday too  but its the 10th of may right now for me.. and its probably the 9th for you.. happy birthday anyway
ID	3	@10veisonitsway OHSHNAPSSS. is she pissed at blair as usual ? hahah. &amp; yeeeah, i bake cookies
ID	3	@mattlogelin http://twitpic.com/4wb52 - Such a pretty baby!
ID	3	@eritchardson  &amp;, i'm sure mom'll have more good food waiting for you at home.  enjoy the good ole bed &amp; your OWN room with no roommates.
ID	3	@mariramos hola Mari. Happy Mother's Day! Enjoy the family and the beach
ID	3	Cant wait to see my boy tomorrow
ID	3	watching beauty &amp; the beast  haha
ID	3	Thanks to good friends for coming out, hanging out and being our ears out there, you know who you are
ID	3	I should get a metal for making it to work this morning...
ID	3	@justinphillip. Awesome!  what kind?
ID	3	Signing off. Mom's day tomorrow.
ID	3	Nice win by the Dodgers, 8-0 over Giants
ID	3	SNL is gonna be great tonight
ID	3	Parrrtty!..Playing twister and getting tipsy!...well everyone else is lol
ID	3	whoohoo! just went to get movies and junk food  its a womens night mwahaha &gt;
ID	2	@govinda108 um that's really scary, please be safe!  Btw ill be in orlando next week
ID	3	got it? good. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
ID	3	@JanieceLincoln Ha... Totally go for it. You're a journalism major, so it's a perfect fit.
ID	2	@karleigh Can't wait, you &amp; Katie always end up with some of the best interviews..
ID	0	@etniqminerals though I have to admit that seems less &amp; less tempting. who has time, when there are more complete packages to be had?
ID	1	@etniqminerals though I have to admit that seems less &amp; less tempting. who has time, when there are more complete packages to be had?
ID	3	Tomorrow is Mother's Day. I hope everybody got their mom something awesome...or at least calls to say hello
ID	2	@jt nope not yet. but we have to be out of this one before we close. we are closing on both the same day this week
ID	3	Today was eventful...
ID	0	Sometimes I hate myself, but that's normal so I don't worry bout it
ID	1	Sometimes I hate myself, but that's normal so I don't worry bout it
ID	3	@alidg take me with you!!!  Have fun!
ID	3	Watching One Fine Day while eating my cereal. Start a good sunday with a good movie
ID	3	Following new other #sanctuary fans! See the wonders of #SanctuarySunday !!!  good to meet you all!
ID	3	is going to be in Cincinnati all day Sunday...visitin' with an old friend/brother from Korea, then a date with someone special
ID	3	Gonna read a story bout adam lambert online then bed. Nighty night
ID	2	watching &quot;Steel Magnolias&quot; then going to bed. I have to babysit at one tomorrow. then give mommy her gift!  night, &lt;3 peace.love.jonas
ID	2	My husband thinks my Twittering makes me a creeper... whatever.
ID	3	retweet please  awesome kawaii, anime and cosplay items: http://bit.ly/cUjXg
ID	3	Ok. Night sweet people  I'll look for ya tomorrow
ID	3	@Shaunie_O Awesome! My family owns it...The Flowers.. and we love having your kids there! They seem to have lots of fun!!
ID	3	@josieinthecity LOL!  good men watch the flicks w/us and just sigh!  this is a good flick so far it's called &quot;Because I Said So&quot;
ID	3	@SinnamonLove Yes we did!  Thank You!!
ID	3	@IncredibleLAGO I'd be soo honoured if u cld chk out my beats, perhaps sm advice on wat I nd to do 2 improve da overall sound of my music
ID	3	eating oreos and milk
ID	3	@brian09 Hi, im following you now and i just wanted to say I LOVE FRIENDS.
ID	2	@vivid13 Good for you! I don't think I'll be joining later. I'm hyper as hell, though. WHEE!
ID	3	@thatswhack74 aww that's sweet! i made a home made card and i wrote her a song...   it wasn't that much but oh well..
ID	3	at dancing...waiting for my turn  hope i get my newww cd with the funky reel music todayy!!!
ID	4	lots of decisions to make...i need an assistant/cook/nanny/chauffer lol lol but 4 real!
ID	3	@CocoDishman wasssup cocoliciousness!!! I knew u didn't recognize me!  how's ur daughter?
ID	2	@HomeBizLiz thats rough. hubby had knee surgery but it did help him in the end. Let us know the results. We'll keep him in our prayers
ID	0	@Tigerfluff who cares its hockey
ID	1	@Tigerfluff who cares its hockey
ID	2	@andrewgoldstein 11 30s way early! anyway nigth night  love you!
ID	3	In a @HANSON mood.. Listening to the older stuff... This Time Around. Not that old but old enough.
ID	3	Can't wait for the next twitter.
ID	3	@4everBrandy looks like your having fun
ID	3	@chriskoon aw, sure thing  their in my thoughts and prayers.
ID	3	@venzann I have yet to understand any sentence u have ever typed,but it's kinda fun-like learning a foreign language&amp;I love to quote u.
ID	3	Quick thoughts. Tired. Happy. Satisfied. Entertained. Excited. Oh... and a bit in love
ID	2	Greg back in the top 10. This is why I love Nascar.
ID	3	Guys. Just got someone with saran wrap. Tuesdays video shall be awesome
ID	2	@ladybee_5652 ... =D ok wassup
ID	3	i like this Dr. Seuss quote - You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.&quot; -
ID	3	my two new favorite prayers:  &quot;help me, help me, help me.&quot;  and &quot;thank you, thank you, thank you.&quot;
ID	3	@avenue_a The rocky kind! With little rockpools &amp; octopi &amp; shells &amp; stuff. Now I want to be at the beach. Its the perfect overcast day.
ID	3	Thanks! carry on the craziness again!!!
ID	3	2026 2164 6790 9128  Add me up and lets play something.
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wbn6 - my hubby and his adoarble baby brother
ID	2	@alchristopher i know u r!  i wont be there til the 6pm service..will u be there?
ID	0	@lynnnein Bad rum experience in college - still haven't recovered
ID	1	@lynnnein Bad rum experience in college - still haven't recovered
ID	4	@mbulatao oh no!!!! i hope its not too baad, tell mya i hope she's gets better soon
ID	3	@devilishdelish awww, that's cute.
ID	3	arriving at home now.. had a great time with friends today
ID	3	Tonight, will be a good night  &lt;3
ID	3	@vogleratmizzou yay about breaking 200!
ID	3	@MariahCarey Happy mother's day to Ms. Pat Carey
ID	0	http://twitpic.com/4wbnd - dont worry , i let him go . i named him fishyyy
ID	1	http://twitpic.com/4wbnd - dont worry , i let him go . i named him fishyyy
ID	3	@MaryCateOMalley Like the Simpsons? That's like asking, &quot;so you like breathing?&quot;
ID	3	Pinkberry
ID	3	Ok I'm going to go read my new Demonata book,so later  &lt;3
ID	3	FOOOOOD  yummy so. whose washing the dishes now ? NOT ME ! not i ..    rofl
ID	2	Just got in a fight and kicked out of the bar. At least I knocked him out. Have a fat lip though.  Pulled another number
ID	3	@TheRealMJ87 I saw the game not a huge cavs fan lol. they pay refs. But Yao's out 4 the rest of playoffs so L.a is cruising to the WCF
ID	2	@wordcharmer pffftt! You know how I like to stay busy!  I'm Awesome (and sober...dang)! How are you??
ID	3	@chrissinicole I guess thats just how I am lol
ID	3	@AlMaddin  enjoy ur night
ID	2	is hanging with Bryant&amp;&amp;Hailee, possibly Lafayette tonight. 'nd i don't know why i keep updating this because i have 0 followers
ID	3	Four hour baseball game. At least the Crew spent much of it making the Cubbies look bad.
ID	3	@peacelovekelly and we will all eat it and be happy
ID	3	@trswift hahahaha nice. i gave up on bio cos idk what the hell i'm doing, so hello chem
ID	3	bowling with cousins  awesome
ID	3	The power is out! I can't seeeeeeee!!  I love storms!
ID	3	gave my mother her mother's day present. she loved it
ID	3	lets play some russian roulette.
ID	3	@Sarahbear9789 Haha thanks.
ID	3	another bday w a special friend
ID	0	@mahmood *cough* star trek *cough*
ID	1	@mahmood *cough* star trek *cough*
ID	3	@ddlovato aw! she's super cute!!!
ID	3	@zefrank have a lovely weekend
ID	3	@worldfamousKid awwwww poor Drew... I hope you feel better before Krush
ID	3	@dexterlo feel better!   c's been teething all week &amp; its been rough...
ID	3	@theteganandsara PRIDE next weekend in Long Beach!!
ID	2	is feelin it
ID	2	@thebadhousewife  Goodnight.
ID	3	Just watched the movie The Holiday. I had forgotten what a feel good movie it was!  Lovely evening.
ID	3	Ok, time for bed. Good night Twitter
ID	2	@siempreuntigre It's the fact that I need to get through half a course by 9 am tomorrow morning that has me down. I'll be at reunions!
ID	3	Just at Starbucks with Farrah!
ID	2	bored.. almost mothers day
ID	3	Going for a ride! Perfect night to go out and chill
ID	3	Had a nice dinner with mom! I've started the chicken rolls. They are going to cook overnight. The rest I'll do tomorrow.
ID	3	please check out www.mysweetebony.com and lmk what you think  ... my first paysite ... post up your site too!
ID	3	i need to see @betsycon7...now! someone buy me a plane ticket, please?
ID	3	is NOT watching Star Trek tonight. But is heading to a lovely dinner and fun board games night with @chrisweis
ID	3	@jtimberlake good luck! I have no doubt you will be hilarious. really hoping to see you dressed as some kind of foam food item  and go...
ID	3	WH Correspondant's Dinner Rocked! Wanda Sykes was hilarious and Obama wasn't too bad  Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there......
ID	3	Watching one of my fav movies Sparkle  + go get food later!
ID	2	@superfro432 Is it bad that I'm sitting here watching a #Pens replay and getting excited? I think it's the coffee, but... Who knows.
ID	3	@LisaTheDiva all late but I seen your bubble tweet video ) awww
ID	2	@CarCrashHearts what do i have? lots of stuff.
ID	3	this week has been fun...i hope next week will be even better  NYC in 19 days
ID	3	Watching TV with the best people in the whole world !!!!! My Mum and My Sis Agus (: Love you all ! Twitter you later ha
ID	3	Listening to dashboard confessional &amp; counting down the days until the @varsityfc concert on May 16th with @ashgoz
ID	3	just came back from karaoke &amp; eating dinner with emily. it was sooooo much fun
ID	3	@coleryanxxx yes LOL that's good one .remeber that bottoms are always the top .
ID	3	@BabyPatches I had a very good day - lots of stretching and sleeping in the sun
ID	2	just spent an hour doing a dino blog on myspace. i loveeeee dinos! &lt;333 Oh and the movie was really funny.
ID	3	Bioshock is as fantastic as the first time I played it. Now sleep then more Bioshock tomorrow
ID	3	@JENjbphoto totally digging the napa valley idea! I can deal with wine and a limo ride
ID	3	Going I sleep today was a long day happy mothers day to all the moms out there
ID	3	happy mothers day to all..im gonna help mine right now.she deserves it..you guys should too..
ID	2	is hittin' the ole dusty trail w/ Miss Morgan.
ID	2	I'm sadly dissapointed in the show ''Jonas''. Good shows on disney= hannah montana &amp; wizards of waverly place.
ID	3	@jumblejim &quot;A hike in the woods with four little kids couldn't be that exhausting, right? Wrong.&quot;  LOL.. Try downright masochistic!
ID	3	If you guys would be interested in watching me get tattooed tomorrow, let me know!
ID	3	Writing this post on my new iPod Touch!
ID	3	@jadedcreative did you find me a spot on your team??  wink wink.
ID	3	@zeenell when we were poor and lived in Germany it was our favourite cheap Saturday. Now we have one 20min away.
ID	3	that party was a great time  just got 'paranoid' by @jonasbrothers as a ringtone! yay
ID	3	Margaritas with my Momo. I've missed her.
ID	3	@Pamela_Edwards Heh heh. Odd but amusing. Thanks!
ID	4	@melissa_paige92 AMEN! Clearly, if they did know you, they wouldn't be able to say that! You're WONDERFUL!  I get it too, though... sucks
ID	2	no @AlexisMarie23, I can't make it to the tour. I'm from Philippines
ID	3	@PaulaCampbell Happy Mothers Day Paula
ID	3	@DC_VulcanRaven thanks again
ID	3	time to go swimming in the freezing water at kalies. yeah!
ID	3	@Personal_Trainr Thanks for the link.  It made me smile
ID	3	@Joannah11 I've had @hempware for a while now, just in case. And yeah, I start work there again tomorrow. Very excited
ID	3	Said The Whale &amp; Mother Mother? OK!
ID	3	@David_Henrie haha i WISH i coudl meet you.. you should stop by seattle some time  home of the STARBUKS ;) I LOVE YOU DAVID!!
ID	3	happy thats its finally summer  and cant wait to turn 21 on weds!!!!!!!
ID	3	@robinware Did you see Star Trek? Now I can't sleep.........too much action. Can't wind down!!!
ID	3	@DakotaCassidy Hah!  Sparkly ones at that.
ID	3	@CrysWinchester HAHAAH! Crys, you blowing the fuses is a typical move
ID	2	Yay we're gonna leave earlier!  Can't wait to get back to Hawthorne!
ID	3	@Pamluther I'd like to put your fruity article on my website if you'll permit
ID	4	@theclairemarie I can't, I'm studying so I don't fail  Come over, I'll make u some tortellini or chicken or a chicken salad.
ID	3	@ADKmama I'll have to add your shop to my favorites! I love your needle wraps. Right now my needles are all in a mess in a basket
ID	3	Feet hurt...finally in bed...will not forget this crunch when it's over...very very productive day today though
ID	3	Watching snl because the love of my life is hosting
ID	4	hey everyone, whats up? i got another hour and a half of work so tell me something you think i wouldnt know....this should be a good one
ID	3	@Izzy_Artest  LOVING YOU. Haha =] join the club than! lol please  HAC 36 or 40cm is calling you. Jon told me about Ron, you can do it! LOL
ID	3	Wearing &quot;purple with a passion&quot; by OPI and I absolutely love it!!
ID	4	outta the shower, too bad justin couldn't spend the night.  haha
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wc1y - Cracking myself more &amp; more up..  PhootoBoothingisFunForBunny Volumen Eins!
ID	2	Dad just gave me his old BlackBerry. Not that old... But it doesn't even have a scroll ball. I want that Bold.
ID	3	Today was fun  I &lt;3 meeting boardies! The acoustic set was just soo phenomenal!
ID	3	Watching SNL  gahhhhh Will Forte is soooooo funty!!!
ID	3	Time for bed!  Hope your saturday was as lovely as mine was...
ID	3	enough for today, good night all
ID	2	Be my Yoko Ono and follow me wherever I may go !
ID	3	41 Followers? Random people, but okay!
ID	3	watching SNL   yay for @jtimberlake hosting!  I love him
ID	3	Mother's day has already began! Congratulations Mom! Love u and u know it
ID	3	watching my new season eleven dvd
ID	3	JONAS rocked tonight!  going to bed after I write a lil bit... Night and bless all
ID	3	@mixhelle I *heart* Elvis
ID	3	@Kevin_AnR_Shine Feeling pretty good. You should check this out http://www.myspace.com/bigcitymonkey Just saying.
ID	3	@erikarbautista ! HE HAS A FAVOURITE! You're his favourite ;) OMGAAH.   sorry for creepering? ..not really lol
ID	3	@paintedwhispers i miss morimoto! he's too strong a challenger i guess. oh, watch ace of cakes at midnite! they're doing a 'Lost' cake.
ID	3	@Styla73 Tis a book...called Love, Sex and Tragedy. Highly interesting. Influence of classical on modern world
ID	2	@jyamasaki Ok.. so what do you think of a snapshot befoooore the vid recording on Seesmic so the ladies dont look like freaks? just sayin
ID	3	@TxKFilms Yay! have fun
ID	3	I Love the lady from the Progressive commercials she's so funny
ID	3	hi twitter people
ID	2	@mrskutcher http://twitpic.com/4w9zb - must... stick.. my... thumb.. in .. chin... dimple!! lol  my hubby has one lol  but his is un ...
ID	2	yay i hit 50 subscribers on youtube. go me  lol.
ID	3	okay the new jonas episode was awesome
ID	3	got a lot of shopping done today...really excited bout my new travel journal! Going to go to sleep watching a movie with my cousins
ID	3	@wesdunn haha no kidding... I listen to them all day long bud
ID	3	Back in New Mexico again! Happy Mothers day to you mothers out there!
ID	3	Happy mothers day in 25 minutes everyone
ID	3	@vardenrhode Many thanks, mate
ID	2	sitting in bed thinking
ID	3	@asiareeves I'm just glad it turned out okay for you!
ID	0	@reinamexicana garcia bend- learned that lesson last night! I thought i was gonna throw up! Got our tix for fashion show at end of mo.
ID	1	@reinamexicana garcia bend- learned that lesson last night! I thought i was gonna throw up! Got our tix for fashion show at end of mo.
ID	3	LIVE FROM NEW YORK ITS SATURDAY NIGHT!  finally a new one
ID	3	had a lovely breakfast with mum...yummy pancakes
ID	3	*happy sigh* Mom liked the flowers I sent! PHEW! It's never a sure thing with her
ID	3	They have some BOMBBBB food &amp; dessert here at Prom. I'm sooo satisfied hahahah  Everyone looks pwetttty!
ID	2	@WalkingHorse New constructions poping up all over there now
ID	3	on our way home after seeing Rodney Atkins in concert...I Love him! Thanks Bob
ID	3	@johncmayer Haha your humor makes me happy
ID	2	Ready to chill on the couch and watch a movie
ID	3	My inner desire is to go to an isle in the middle of the Mediterranean to soak up the sun; Good night... as I dream that inner desire.
ID	3	finally packed...thinking its time for some sleep! Ready for Chicago!
ID	3	@xsparkage http://twitpic.com/3qfqo - awww cuuute! i have a black cat too but she's only 2 months old
ID	3	Bones (the show). Check. PB &amp; J. Check. Writing my play. Check. The simple joys are still here, even if the greatest are gone.
ID	3	@LittleGigiGirl ?Happy Birthday to u? Happy Birthday to u? Happy Birthday to u? Happy Birthday to u? Happy Birthday to u? And many more!
ID	3	@teamwinnipeg  Gerry, THANK YOU for following me!..help spread the news...further...I think this will be cool...thank u thank u thank u!
ID	3	@nicksantino i love youuuuu nick santino! thirteen dayssss
ID	3	@google aahh google, you never fail to make me smile http://twitpic.com/4w9rp (via @richiban)
ID	3	@joelmchale Please give a shout out to my boyfriend Ron Griffin at 10pm show in Denver. He's in the nosebleeds, so really SHOUT out
ID	3	Just Saw Confessions Of A Shopoholic...Totally fell in love with Hugh Dancy's accent!! :3 Need $20.00 for tomorrow, new top i want!!
ID	3	is obsessing over chris pine  heehee...
ID	2	Jus hit the casa, changing my swag cloth. Would it be the Pradas or the Dunks tonight??
ID	3	@torie007 have a great night, it was so nice meeting you last night! You are a sweetheart!  xoxoxo bye for now.
ID	3	Getting ready for mothers Day!...I love my mom!!
ID	3	@rootify if you've ever seen the way @atduskgreg uses his browser he probably has like 5 copies of it running.   http://bit.ly/1doEEj
ID	3	omg  @nicolekennedy i found it  thnx
ID	3	@mrs_nickj07 Um....Nicks Voice,Smile,Eyes,Laugh,and Hes a Great Rolemodel
ID	3	started a great mother's day season!
ID	3	@Hstreet96 always good to see you - even in cyberspace
ID	3	@o0CHiiNKz (blinks fast) its better now ... Lol thanks :-*
ID	4	@rafealAnthem http://www.CultureShockMag.com  shoutz 2 @DeeJaySchemes the mix on the site is gonna b nervvoouuss
ID	2	@loveashlay How about I make some more and bring u sum?
ID	3	@AliciaWag hehe - about NZ being the most magical place on Earth.
ID	3	@Jakpedz you should come out!!
ID	2	@janicejenelle - thanks... I may have narrowed the location down to the car... hoping it's there
ID	3	Jumping im the shower after a long day of work  it shall feel ahmazing I CAN MATH!
ID	0	Watch movie must
ID	1	Watch movie must
ID	3	@YourboyH thank you broooooooo!!!! I've been out of the twitter loop today!
ID	3	@ Butlers watching Dr. Farmer rock out w/ the hispanic Jimmy Hendrix ... drinking Cosmos
ID	3	@Reicya Thanx sis I'll b sure to let them know how many people r praying w/them...
ID	2	@shadowcelery It's great
ID	3	Live from New York, it's Justin Timberlake!
ID	3	OMJ! The 3rd episode of Jonas is too great! They are so funny. I wish I was the Pizza Girll. Lol &lt;3
ID	3	has decided NOT TO GO TO UNI TODAY!  http://plurk.com/p/su0yr
ID	3	@stephenhartley Lucky...and a wife who loves me.
ID	3	So twitter is a journey now.  well, okay.
ID	3	Finally off work!!!
ID	3	@DonGeronimo dear michael sorce, you crack me up! sincerely, me
ID	3	@laniew the exact one i was thinking of  the bestttt.
ID	2	Surfing the web...
ID	3	watching my baby on snl !  baby you look greaaaaat ;)
ID	3	@zownder Hahah, thanks for the Tradewinds Odyssey bump.
ID	3	@nickasaur hey nick  how are youu? x
ID	2	@dudeman718 Have you seen Wolverine?  Might want to change that pic.  There's a new sheriff in town.
ID	3	'Cause you have that effect on me, you do ? ?Currently loving Hey Monday. Thanks a lot, @alexrellosa.
ID	3	@Poekasso Howz it going hun??
ID	3	11.40 AM. I don't wanna wake up. Shoo, roommate, shoo.
ID	3	@glorianatheband hey guys!! saw you in st. louis and LOVED you.. would you ever play in CT?? i met you outside after and u were SO NICE!!
ID	0	Almost got sharpied in the face while falling asleep  being sick sucks!!!
ID	1	Almost got sharpied in the face while falling asleep  being sick sucks!!!
ID	2	@jsie We got out there and the cafe was booked solid. LOL Doesn't matter - Mum got some plants anyway.
ID	3	@johnwyattedgar i dont really trust the judgements and vouches of @brandy_xo   jk. i'll think about becoming a friend of yours
ID	2	I need followers!!!
ID	3	@annaeeee my youtube channel? Demilynnmusic haha cause I love 2 sing &amp; stuff so yea
ID	2	Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Next Generation. Tis nothing, but pure insanity. Can I have the title of Queen of watching bad horror films?
ID	4	@meli_beli haha yeah u did, oh well theres always next yr  chin up princess hehe
ID	3	Hawks lost but it was a good time
ID	3	Passing out  early  after the  river sounds amazing. To my cozy bed  with my cozy dogs
ID	3	@slashfilm peter!! follow me!! oh and have fun in europe!
ID	2	Learning how to jerk and stanky leg at sunset cliffs. headlights spotlight  with colorado and fam
ID	3	@ashleytisdale http://twitpic.com/4t4jv - No joke my puppy Maddie looks EXACTLY like  Maui!!!  she's so cute!!
ID	3	@mcrfash1 that's great!
ID	3	Bran!! Watch my video!!!!! please dont make me go stalker status 2nite  http://bit.ly/3Ysav
ID	3	@DaRealMrDevine lol! I thought we was suppose to guess..damn, I tried tho..lolol!
ID	2	We are in the State of Cheese - YUM! Green, moo-cow pastures everywhere, and super friendly Lutheran's too
ID	3	I painted my nails metallic blue but Im really sure about how it looks, its a pretty weird color!! I think its cool
ID	3	@bella456  im going to my inlaws tonight.  hopefully my new niece will be there!  who needs kids when my inlaws have them all for me!
ID	3	fiiiinaaalllyyy home after driving all day. speeding ticket. torential rains. ... fun times
ID	3	@Jennajmsn  Hi Jenna. Hope all is well   Just thinking of you and wishing you the best! Lots of love from over here in New York!!!
ID	3	Taking the dog on a walk..the weather is perfect rite now  @patty_p sucks becuz she didn't come with me hahaha
ID	3	Going to Jack's for dinner with my BFF!
ID	3	You should retweet others good tweets at least 10 a day to get involved into things at twitter
ID	3	greek season two, i love this show.
ID	3	@aimeelynne you are right. haha. shes not that bad.
ID	3	P-Nutt got a new collar and leash today  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/1034415
ID	3	SNL with Justin Timberlake!
ID	3	Edward Cullen. &lt;3  Hahaha.
ID	3	On my way to dazzle bar!!
ID	3	LOVES that lubbock is wet..its about time..no more strip runs
ID	3	@cowpunkmom Sweet deal! I so want to see that movie! Methinks we may have to do a Star Trek movie night some time, hmm?
ID	3	had a awesome day!
ID	0	@NatalieAurora lmao according to the away, they're there. current focus: tripping, ugly pics, same dress, fat looking
ID	1	@NatalieAurora lmao according to the away, they're there. current focus: tripping, ugly pics, same dress, fat looking
ID	3	live long and prosper  #fb
ID	3	i love love love silverstein.  work tomorrow. boo!
ID	3	I love that my boyfriends loves my mac n cheese. he even took some to work with him
ID	3	@Cortnee4Christ Made so many new friends on Twitter around USA. Another bike across USA trip would be amazing to see people!
ID	3	Noticed Wellwood has all his teeth in tonight, that's nice
ID	3	i just wanna say happy mother's day to all the mommy's out there
ID	3	@MarissaC500 Aww!  That's so sweet!  So glad she's home with you now. Happy mother's day to you
ID	3	OMG... Folding my laundry and matched ALL socks to its perfect pair!  Good laundry folding day it is
ID	3	Everyone going to the hometown show is excited they get to go on Thames Street. I'M GONNA SEE THE ORIGINAL THAMES RIVER, BITCH. ohhhh.
ID	2	@afton_volturi ** Slaps self on forehead **  Pardon me!
ID	2	also @haveitsweet your caramels are like crack....  just thought you should know.
ID	2	Ima go to sleep long day ahead....And its all Benicks fault ,i so dislike him. &gt;=( Well Good Nite World!
ID	3	Hoping all my friends who are mothers have a wonderful Mothers's Day. I'm spending mine with my 2 AWESOME SONS!   so happy about that!
ID	3	@MoreDior if u can smell goodness all around you and energy of big city and pinch on butt feel real YES u are in Chicago
ID	3	@vulcansmuse @lorirusso still waiting to have a beer with Moldovan. At least he's happy I came.
ID	2	Yao is out for the rest of the season! NOOO!..staying home on a Saturday night...SHOCK....got my phone fixed
ID	3	Y is it when I luv someone I fear them? i just wish someone can exsplain it 2 me
ID	3	THE CURIOUS CASE OF BENJAMIN BUTTON!!!!! I'm so excited about this fucking movie
ID	3	After sleeping in  the rest of the day was busy. however, I got to spend the last of it with my favorite babysittee (the kids are great!).
ID	3	@mundah and I'm really glad you were able to watch the game
ID	4	@ObviousLB *bows*  I try...sometimes it is hard
ID	3	Buenas noches!! Hope I dream of either heaven, music, dolphins, or the sea. Sweet dreams to all
ID	3	@WatchMeRise youre very welcome....you deserve it!!
ID	3	@Mattdavelewis Lol Your tweets are so funny! I met you in Calgary! You're awesome  Can't wait for the next HP movie!
ID	3	Very tired from a day of awesomeness and cake    Now time for a bit of sleep.
ID	3	@dustyedwards  Those dog pic had me  ROLF!  The one  with the snow stuck too it  has that &quot;if looks could kill look&quot; way funny
ID	2	@madfatter I just re-skinned. Still figuring why tweetsuite isn't updating
ID	3	@BooG_PopuLarEnt awww boog u aint been on in a min....hey to ya.  but that's whats up enjoy ya'll selves especially your lil cousin.
ID	3	@Praxilla As opposed to twitter, where all we can do is talk to people.  SL is fun. I already have way too many ways to distract myself.
ID	3	@nickiminaj pleeeeeease pleeeease make me a dj drop
ID	3	@Roqayah good morning
ID	3	@stevecarell Hey Steve.   I think you are such an awesome actor. I love every movie you are in, and I love The Office.
ID	2	With sean s. watching house of a thousand corpes
ID	3	@trishapocalypse  and I luh you tooooo
ID	3	@jovialjen The fever's gone ... Thanks Jen!
ID	3	had a GREATTTTTT day    taking Liz home now. &lt;3
ID	3	let's make this last forever.
ID	3	@oreoking awe thanks
ID	3	@missSHANNAbaby YAY  u get to see ddub again ;) those 5 men always keep me happy &amp; motivated
ID	3	@JoeJonas1Fan1 haha yay for crust  (i tend to be a little weird when im super bored lol)
ID	2	K now that, that fiasco is all wrapped and good too go  back to studying for midterms =(
ID	3	@deleise @nataliewitcher I miss all you OK girls.    Happy Mother's Day to all y'all.
ID	3	Is enjoying staying in the house today
ID	3	I mean i'm tired, and sooooo freakin in love with my @airrbear.
ID	3	Ouutside in the city talkin to trey trey  i misssed him
ID	3	@konghee It's allright pastor, jiayou for the book!!
ID	3	i would take the ???s out the sky for you
ID	3	@MrsTravisBennet its cool.  Im glad everyone had a nice date night.  Maybe one day ill get one too.
ID	3	happy sunday peeps
ID	3	is excited about so R and R for mother's day
ID	3	just about to go home. I'm usually 'mr. positive' but this has been one of those daze. well, 15 mins until tomorrow!
ID	3	@MzWhatThePuck Good luck  I wanna see them again too. I waited outside by their buses to see them before, no autographs tho!
ID	3	@Peacehippie04 is a loser;) baha, dude! i'm gonna come &amp; put those pictures on my myspace really quick!
ID	3	@wordcharmer FUZE was giving away capes at Komen's Race for the Cure today! And I'd always love a hug from you hun!
ID	3	loviiing declan
ID	3	@dbvictoria love the necklace!  What a fun idea
ID	3	@ChynaDollxo  Na my friend.. why? you ask  is it my great physique lol
ID	3	Wishing all a Wonderful and Happy Mother's Day
ID	3	@cecewhi92 That is one of my Favorite EVER!!!! He is THE BEST!! No doubt! I am so glad you like him too! XOXO
ID	3	@yaykimo baaha  &amp; healthy choice my friend! (:
ID	3	Home now!!! LOL but leaving again on monday for flo rida!!!
ID	3	wow tiz almost midnite o_O bedtime for me!! ha gnite gorgeous ppl  *HADtheBESTdayEVER*
ID	3	Archuleta &amp; Cook will arrive in 2 days!!
ID	3	heading to bed with tea to finish Breaking Dawn.
ID	3	@QueenSapphyre So!!! Why should that matter? I bet you would be GREAT at it! I do!!! It's what you love, right? Why not go for it!
ID	3	@PANICitsLeslie Aww that's still awesome. You had fun though I can assume.
ID	3	@MariM525 lol I am blessed to have you in my life too &quot;mama&quot;  Sorry about your back pain. You should do some stretches.
ID	3	@kristi_crow he's happy because hs is there haha I know we would be
ID	2	krys: running, mud baths and nice French food in napa w/ jimming
ID	3	@Jayeliwood No it's not sad. Should make you proud
ID	3	Moveout should be fun. Thank you VT students for working to make VT the best that it can possibly be
ID	3	I'm on my way to see '17 Again'.  I've wanted to see it for a looong time
ID	3	So apparently i left my front door wide open before going out to my show. With my and my moms laptops on the coffee table. Love my area
ID	3	@Metqueen sounds awesome..
ID	4	@pageoneresults more seo voodoo  Google has your cache. NOARCHIVE only hides it from users.
ID	3	Lovin' @miacarruthers, @TheRealJordin, &amp; @Adrienne_Bailon SOOOO much right now!
ID	4	@bsweichsel That was like eight years ago. Not so sure it would happen now
ID	3	@erichalvorsen @LorenBrinton @nicksantino i say you all tour again. same lineup...with austin gibbs!
ID	2	@myjacksonbrowne  hey y'all, we are waiting for final edits on our cover of &quot;sombody's baby.&quot;  can't wait for some input
ID	3	dancing around and cleaning the house..... loving my sunday so far
ID	2	@studio8 --sorry for running over uncle Terry, but he just wasn't living up to his potential. expecting more from his next return.
ID	4	@kimgoss i been saying that the past 2 weeks that i miss playing spades and drinkin chillin.. the good old days.. let me know baby
ID	3	@jtimberlake i think u have more than enough friends now, including me lol
ID	3	@triplesix_ Whoop whooop
ID	3	@katevoegele that was an amazing concert!!! got some really good video and pictures
ID	3	@kirstiealley: I like your crazy and witty humor!
ID	3	@MrsBlue23 its been reli gdd ty its 4.50am lol and im not sleeping :O but im watching tv alls good lol how was yours?
ID	3	@jerwjr Thank you!  I'm working on @ddlovato's
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wdgr - Yay! I'm a blonde again!! I feel so girly
ID	3	@Blueeyes31 I will be uploading soon!    http://myloc.me/FEb
ID	3	@amoonchilde  Thank you!  Tomorrow is my b-day too! I tease my Mom and tell her I was her Mother's Day gift.
ID	3	@claudiajordan Nice! Elise rolled out  Thas wassup! Have fun, ladies!
ID	3	is up. moooooorning!  http://plurk.com/p/su3dg
ID	3	@adventureaddict Awesome, congrats on completing it! (I can't believe you cycled the distance to my cottage though in 1 day.  )
ID	4	my teeeeeeeeeeeeeth, hurt a lot. The mall was funnn today, i made 10dolla, not 15.  better than nothing, right?! HEHE.
ID	3	Ha, sure  hey, text me normal. 512 718 4879
ID	3	@BarbaraNixon THAT was a GREAT AMP JOKE.. Thanks for sharing
ID	3	sleep time  big/little lunch tomorrow at olive garden
ID	3	@PrincessSuperC good luck C have funn!
ID	3	@Jean_Pierce Well the Enterprise E, the NX-01, or the NCC 1701(no bloody A,B,C,D, or E)
ID	3	Going to go kennel the dogs and then I am going to watch Goblet of Fire
ID	3	@syedbalkhi It's ok now ! I've cleared my cache and everything is fine
ID	3	Watching The Nightmare Before Christmas &lt;3 Ask me if I care that neither Halloween nor Christmas is any time soon
ID	3	Thanks for the concern, guys. A few stitches later, all is well. Whew.
ID	3	curlymamaw @Paul_Colman  thought you'd like it ! 9
ID	2	@Carolina2676 lol... that's cool u can enjoy the show together! Tell him I said hi!
ID	3	now accepting maid applications.  would be nice if you'd start first thing tomorrow - would make a wonderful Mother's Day present!
ID	3	paramore songs? one of the best! currently listening to &quot;emergency&quot;
ID	3	Having dinner @ Rainforest Cafe with Laura.
ID	3	My lesson is finally done for tomorrow morning. I am looking forward to speaking to the high schoolers on dating.
ID	0	@KeriLyn2980 Totally  plain and simple.. i hate all thoes bridezilla shows.. if i was the groom i'd be running far far away!
ID	1	@KeriLyn2980 Totally  plain and simple.. i hate all thoes bridezilla shows.. if i was the groom i'd be running far far away!
ID	2	@SKORPIOLOVE  I know... just when I was starting to think this break-up was gonna have me up all night tossin and turnin.. no ma'am!
ID	3	I Luv Da movie Say Anything...  ? http://blip.fm/~5yroy
ID	2	@emilmor mmm, wanna go see Little Big Town next Sunday @ 4 @ Chesapeake Jubilee?
ID	2	Laying in the dark thinking of you.
ID	3	says gots my mom a digital picture frame bout to scan pics of her wedding n all that mushy stuff  http://plurk.com/p/su3eq
ID	4	Joining facebeek.  What a loser, I have no friends   Amy where are you?
ID	3	59 may be my new FAV number!!!
ID	2	@NeishaNay im gone miss ya'll Lol.don laugh@me im serious.its bittersweet. lookin forward 2goin home but cant wait till nx semester!
ID	3	going to eat rice and fried chicken from sederhana  the padang restaurant! yummy!
ID	3	@rowansong !!! It's fantastic!
ID	3	@arinbjorn Thank you for sharing. I appreciate your honesty  I hadn't tweeted for 30 some odd hours and got a little tweet happy.
ID	3	@SophiaF3F3 I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I ALSO LIKE THE NEW PROFILE PIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ID	3	@courseofhistory Vancouver, so classy.  #canucks
ID	3	These days have been looking better better betterrrrrrrr.
ID	3	@Jinxie_G yup - that's where I watch all my movies
ID	3	Such a long day!!! So much fun though  tomorrow will be just as much.
ID	3	@valerie2776 Quite a few. Peacocks and Oceanographer's Choice are my new favorites to play
ID	2	Trying this twitter thing out. Facebook is finally a routine for me, now i need to figure out how to do the twitter thing
ID	3	Alright, so playing cards in the rain wasn't the smartest idea, and now I might be sick... but it was fun
ID	3	@Samantha797 Yay! Tell her I said congrats
ID	3	@Mary_R_Roberts I LOOK forward to seeing and sharing
ID	2	Chilling wit da bestie kendra...lmao!! she fell out da shower...gotta luv her tho..!!  *~P?T~*
ID	0	@chloewolf Except for Josh, you like some LAME dudes.
ID	1	@chloewolf Except for Josh, you like some LAME dudes.
ID	3	More pictures! It was such a pretty day  http://tr.im/kWOD #fb
ID	2	@cl2425 Hey girl!  Yeah, my allergies kick in at the most random times. Hmph.
ID	2	@critter42 I know   Guess I was hoping they'd revitalize the plot lines as well instead of reverting to old cliches!
ID	3	I think Steph will enjoy her first Mother's Day tomorrow.
ID	3	Nighty night Twits! Tty in the morning...
ID	3	@WildFlowerSweet lol... hell yeah!
ID	3	&quot;Bad words are a crutch, they lead to tattoos and peircings!&quot;  Hahahaha!
ID	3	@rjdempsey savour these moments!  #canucks
ID	4	@tammytrent **left off the &quot;again&quot; in the title...whoops!
ID	3	@Candice_Jo you'll have a drink bc the race is over...I'm telling you,it's an addiction that leads to Elvis presiding over our wedding
ID	3	@DarryleP I just have one, he is 14 months. I don't think he realizes that it is Mother's Day tomorrow. LOL!
ID	2	bundy. in 3 days.!!!! warm weather here i come!
ID	3	@rockndan dude... i tried the vegetarian thing and i lasted about 2 months... good luck!!! going vegan is intense!!! good move though.
ID	3	trying to learn to tweet!!  it's all good I hope..
ID	3	@bwmson And so very you.  You know I say it w/ nothing but love, dude.
ID	3	@MzDeDaze you're welcome
ID	2	@bitchmobile I had one of those in south Florida. Mowing around it could hurt
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	The wife gets stung by a bee and she has been acting like i big ass baby ever since and this was about 5 hours ago.  lol what a baby.
ID	3	Relaxin after a fun day
ID	3	Saw this lil girl that has big eyes and hair like Dora the explorer. How cute
ID	3	Just saw Star Trek! It was AMAZING! Seriously, so good. The entire cast was excellent, Spock and Kirk especially.  I want to see it again.
ID	3	@SRMPROMOINC lol, sounds fun
ID	0	@TerrenceJ106 lets see.. we hate that groupies are damn near stalkers.. we love that they send gifts..
ID	1	@TerrenceJ106 lets see.. we hate that groupies are damn near stalkers.. we love that they send gifts..
ID	2	@IAMSNARKY hmmm how bout my boi an me jammin sum john stephens for ya?
ID	3	@ItStartsWithUs hey!  sorry for the late reply.but i do plan on posting on both facebook and twitpic.
ID	3	what a fantastic saturday
ID	3	had a nice time with her little sister...baby is all grown up
ID	3	2 ALL THE MOTHER OUT THERE.MAY THE GOD BLESS YOU MOTHERS/MOTHER-FIGURE OUT THERE.KEEP FIGHTN DA GOOD FIGHT &amp; NEVA GIVEUP ON THE YR CHILD.
ID	3	watching Justin Timberlake on SNL
ID	2	Happy Mother's day! Sent msg to mom and got her phone call. I wish one day we can live in the same city so I can take care of her.
ID	2	you can learn a lot from another person.. dont try to out better oneself when its all about love and happiness  goodnight
ID	3	had a fun time at the concert!  almost got a picture with Taylor Momsen, freakin next in line then she left!
ID	3	(@danielleejonas) UGH, i love tila. haters need to shut up
ID	0	@rebeccarem I am on here..finally. AND YAY. seriously. that made my day oh fellow hell ruler
ID	1	@rebeccarem I am on here..finally. AND YAY. seriously. that made my day oh fellow hell ruler
ID	3	the grates &amp; children collide tonight
ID	3	Miley Cyrus = great actress
ID	3	@ewkrause Thanks Elaine. I'm clipping reviews for her scrapbook.
ID	2	@stefangilbert thank you
ID	3	@NicholeAudrey LOL! Ok, &quot;we&quot; will get right on that. I will let you know the verdict manana. Off to watch a movie with my lovely wife!
ID	3	just watched yes man. bahaha. that movie is messed up
ID	3	@mrskutcher HUGE difference in temperature from the last time you were here, huh?  Gotta love DC. lol
ID	3	Yay got the Internet on my itouch working
ID	3	@KimKardashian saw you today! So BEAUTIFUL!! You looked so good! Glad to see the wonderful turnout!
ID	3	got a new prom dress
ID	3	says she wants to be w/ marykay @ sendai right now
ID	3	@odangitsnikki There's a way around that 72 Minute Limit ;) AIM me and I'll tell you
ID	3	@androidtomato Hello Gorgeous GIRL! Nice new pic!  HOw are you today
ID	2	@SohFahrKreyZee oooh im sorry to late i smashed it
ID	3	The horoscopes website I use has all changed around  I like it!
ID	2	@thomasfiss Lucky you...my day has gone by with large amount of boredom...and a little stress. The detalis can get a bit gruesome
ID	2	good talk with @broskey  muchos needed
ID	3	Love, laughter, creativity.
ID	3	@MathewDavid iknowww! Not many people know about it tho. So I like to keep it my little secret
ID	3	@mattmccoy Interview! 177 views! 22 away from 200!! Thanx for reading ppl!!  http://tiny.cc/GmKbT #mattmccoy
ID	0	@cjusk im excited for those pics  send me urs w/ him too  i &lt;3 photoshop lol
ID	1	@cjusk im excited for those pics  send me urs w/ him too  i &lt;3 photoshop lol
ID	3	@Mansur_Rahal Thing about living is that there are always undeveloped pictures in your future.
ID	3	Neville88@JBeauty am gud enuh hun...was jus sayin hi n hopin that ur avin a gud nite so far..HAPPY LADIES DAY 2MORO THEN...is dat better
ID	3	I sewed my shirt  and I fail at screaming v_v but I had a quesadilla!  Quesadiaas are bombbb &lt;3 I will try and scream another day! :]
ID	3	today was boring, but i did a lot of homework. tomorrow should be amazing, i can't wait.
ID	3	Just talked to Anthony Rapp. Face to face. !!!!!
ID	3	@HannaHassan go to mid valley la boobs  haha! never mind la, i don't wanna go with you anyways
ID	2	Sushi two nights in a row isn't THAT wrong is it?
ID	3	Heading downtown! Drinks and dancing!!
ID	4	@n_dubbs curse you, igloo dwellers!!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wdui - She's so festive aint' she hehe
ID	3	500! updates! wooow!! haha!!
ID	3	Having Margaritas w/ mommie...what a great combo!
ID	3	I'm going to go check out DJ Volt.
ID	3	Goin to drive-in movie for the first time
ID	3	I still luv my HAWKS! I aint no fair weather fan! I'm ride or die 4 mine!!
ID	2	@SuperwomanAK that is awesome!  spent the day studyin, chillin a lil b4 goin to bed, its slowly gettin colder in Paraguay, winter is comin
ID	3	@JenAlaniz Don't worry you will have Ava to distract you on the flight
ID	3	recovering from being sick ... anyone want to bring me soup?
ID	3	played okami for 14 hours today
ID	2	@momtoboysx3 I'm here if u need to vent!
ID	3	Just spent the evening at a gala for her high school drama company's 20th anniversary. Lots of memories
ID	3	@TerrenceJ106 Hey babe follow me,love u on da show
ID	3	@jtimberlake rocks my world!!!! soooo funny!!!!  &lt;3
ID	3	has the best friends in the entire world  Thank you for making the banquet and today so special!
ID	3	Popping out to see SAMSON AND DELILAH this arvo, hear it is good
ID	3	@thesedreams I see you didn't shave your head. But I *LOVE* the cut.  I'm glad you didn't shave it. Your hair's too pretty!
ID	3	lol...my neighbors must think im nuts...for #canucks
ID	3	Instead of telling God how big my problems are, I like telling my problems how big God is!  http://bit.ly/5ofzj
ID	3	@Custardcuppcake how is Aussie...im hopin to be there in Sydney in less than a week just got my VISA on thursday whoot whoot
ID	3	@selin162 SELIN-It-To-the-Highest-Bidder!! HEYYYYY MAMA!
ID	3	Nearly finished Angels and Demons, awesome book, feel so lame for only reading it now
ID	3	so ready for dc tomorrow, photo trippin'
ID	2	Just got my 3rd tattoo  owwwwwww lol
ID	3	just had a great talk with grace about how awesome God is and how he works...that somehow started with how remote controls work
ID	3	@courrtneyyy Thank you so much  Me neitherrrr!
ID	3	@DonyaMaries oh absolutely!  I cant wait for the lettuces to come up.
ID	2	@tncc24 - yay for getting errands done! oh, an assortment of out-of-my-control things. topped off w/ a crap race, haha
ID	3	@theresa162 Absolutely! Lookin' forward to it
ID	3	@iveeanne happy mothers day to you as well!
ID	3	@dzaniff I was searching for interesting people on twitter then i found yours and the link of your blog was posted on your profile.
ID	3	@Ms_Nigeria oh yeah I know  We met when I was taking out the trash, hhaha
ID	2	@atexasattitude I'm sorry darling... I'm all over the place tonight.. I didn't mean to neglect you..
ID	3	@JohnnyDeppNews  back in a few .. i will make u a lil something
ID	3	@otoole4info Check out my latest FB post.  (Things I want to happen). I don't think you can miss it.
ID	3	@ms_hypnotic oh thanx, just when i thought ilost it, iappreciate it
ID	2	@kelleydmcguire I don't know. What does it take to butter you up? Actual butter?  xoxo
ID	2	@positron76 You have to come to Chile... with AC/DC would be fine
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4we51 - summer is here.
ID	3	@karinphillips it's because you're popular
ID	3	Be sure to let the moms you know how fabulous you think they are!!   Almost Mother's Day.
ID	3	@dimples_03 He'll know Tupac lyrics too!
ID	4	GREEN DAY IS PERFORMING ON SNL NEXT WEEK!  sorry, that made me happy and i'm still all ditzy from the Justin Timberlake skits
ID	3	@howie_d Wish Leigh a Happy Mother's Day for me! It's midnight in NY
ID	3	Bottle of reisling this time... My favorite!
ID	3	Multiply's getting boring :| I wish Reichelle has twitter. @isaofoz, convince recruit herr, will ya?
ID	2	@acinerba Oh man, that sux... price u pay for being on the org chart (and responsible, and stuff...)
ID	3	@JoannePeh jia you !
ID	3	@mkeguy69 thank you  have a great weekend
ID	3	@nmogha9 Thank you so much
ID	2	@moviegirl09 *laughs* reading?!  not happening!  i'm glad alice was in the shower, she should've seen that we were going to be worried
ID	3	Two words: hot pockets. Most delcious food ever created
ID	2	@scalzi Happy Birthday  I didn't get you anything, but you have my best wishes.
ID	3	@AnoopDoggDesai i haven't watch it yet... but it seems like a cool movie.. anyway happy watching...rate it after u go watched it yea..
ID	3	long weekend. thank god i can sleep in on monday
ID	3	super excited
ID	3	Who thinks I should start doing iPhone App Development business? @ reply to win an EasyWriter Pro code!
ID	3	Ok that mother fucking duet was hysterical LOL
ID	3	Aight, pau au'au... Heading to the Blaisdell Arena for the Ladies of the 80's concert!!! CheeHee... Awwrrite!!!
ID	3	LOL. THX WHIT!!!
ID	3	off to a place where i dream...maybe i ll see you there!?!   sweet dreams, all!
ID	2	@blathering lucky e went!  jealous!
ID	3	@mollyroloff tell zach &amp; jer I said happy birthday!  they seem like cool brothers, youre lucky haha
ID	3	@harrislacewell thanks so much for that!  i will most definitely pass that along to my amazing mother...
ID	3	Looking forward to Sunday b/c the weather should be warm and sunny
ID	2	Well I'mma tweet out! goodbye tweeters!
ID	3	@lwcavallucci No... we didn't *like* it, we LOVED it!  The tone, the story, the chemistry between the actors/characters, all was perfect.
ID	3	ohman what an AMAZING day!!! thank you mahal!
ID	3	@takinghostages ~entonces estas perdonada porque sigues a tom conrad, who we all know is made of awesome
ID	3	@Skydiver42 thank you for the followfriday. very sweet of you
ID	3	Classic JT for a Saturday evening  http://bit.ly/LrzJr
ID	3	@ShaylaSenzafine haha..yeah..10th of May..lol..im greeting in advance! haha
ID	3	It is officially Mother's Day! Happy Mother's Day to all!
ID	3	had an amazingly unproductive day, but i loved it  time to go catch up on sleep!
ID	2	At the wedding reception. Having more fun than I thought
ID	3	Sending love &amp; respect to all the mommies out in the twitterverse! You all inspire me!!
ID	3	My sleeping beauties  I love my grads!! http://twitpic.com/4we5w
ID	2	@scalzi my attention for the length of time to type this? Tell ya what, ill add old mans war to my wish list on amazon.
ID	3	Watching Ace of Cakes: LOST edition omfgggg
ID	3	@Eatthecakenyc i know this is MAD late (sorry about that lol) but thanks for the FF love.
ID	3	It's Midnight - I'm outta here.  HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY FELLOW MOMMIES!!!  (And to non-Mommies too).  May EVERYONE have a special day!!!
ID	3	Good Night,  Happy Mother's Day !!
ID	3	@Jgurl804 thanks!!!
ID	3	goodnight twitter, ill see you after 10 + hours of sleep or more
ID	3	@lizziechristine Thank you so much  Miss you toooo!
ID	3	@rebogard READY!!!!!  ... I've heard Bobo probobly 100 times , also BoboByeBye!!
ID	2	@sodaly you are welcome  @pamslim's book is a good reminder as to WHY we escaped the cube!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms! If you're an awesome mom, you'll help #savechuck
ID	2	@Bball4life lol thanks.  I do like to be on top. I'm going to enjoy this. How long can I be up there?
ID	3	SEX AND THE CITY!  oh i miss this show soo much during the week.
ID	3	@angienewton You mean set up to start using? just jump in! Use the # sign with whatever word you want to use
ID	3	@emilyorshan hahaha i have a bob marley one
ID	2	Then me disliking you is a rumor!  cyndi! What made it look like i didn't like you?
ID	3	@MsEsquire hmm, interesting... i think im on the way to that club too
ID	3	I like this bride's sense of humor, she wore this wedding gown once...by accident!  http://bit.ly/Tnshf
ID	3	wants to greet all the mom's out there a Happy Mothers Day!!! May you enjoy your day!!
ID	3	@BaybeehDoll No u miss me !!!!! LOL
ID	3	@schmiss re: Edwards I hope so!
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4wegx - @stealthrose Lol.. sorry. Too damn funny!
ID	4	@_danni haha that's the stupid thing, I did and I'm still getting them &gt;:]
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all to all the wonderful moms out there.  -Matalatine
ID	3	getting off for the night, in such a great mood!
ID	3	happy mother's day to all the mommies!!!!!
ID	0	i hate i hate i hate i hate i hate i hate mother's day.
ID	1	i hate i hate i hate i hate i hate i hate mother's day.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day  #mothersday
ID	3	@rockonrebelchld Happy mother's day to you as well!  Have a good one!
ID	3	you got my vote hottest guy of the yearrrr @thomasfiss
ID	3	@Appilicious if you can and know how, why not
ID	3	best part of that movie was that kirk was a total babe
ID	3	I hope my mom enjoys her Mother's Day gift
ID	2	@DROStreetTeam09 well keep me posted if it comes out fully thanks
ID	4	i was screaming like a maniac!  But the thing was u couldn't scream on the ride which sucked the fun out of everything so...
ID	3	@PHILIPGRANGER hey Phillll! Wazzuppppp?!
ID	3	@DaYziEbAbY THANK YOU MAMA!
ID	3	happy mothers day mum
ID	3	vacay in san luis and i'm pooped...in a good way
ID	3	ang payat ko na, yes! hoping to go down to my Melbourne weight from last year  http://plurk.com/p/su622
ID	3	@myxletter good luck tomorrow
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wehl - graduation pic
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	@4everBrandy nice capture
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all of the mothers and mothers-to-be  My mom is getting a special gift from me today
ID	3	@AmbersAlerts lol i'll have to look on youtube later  thanks
ID	3	2night- dance parties, fun times, &amp; awkward situations  highlight- driving w/ nims and annie listening to satellite windows downnnn
ID	2	@eclip5e Good lord, man.   I recommend the Dark &amp; Stormy at Casablanca.
ID	3	@purplefrogcat wow.. purple leopard skin.  fieeerrceee..
ID	3	I've mastered the Spongebob
ID	3	@autumngirl82 hopefully I'll get to see HTB next week and LA really soon!! Can't wait!!!
ID	3	@tncc24 - so sweet  why aren't you out livin' it up this saturday night?
ID	2	http://bit.ly/T17fl  mary ann &amp; frances are gunna kill me
ID	3	@SicilyYoder no not yet I ate a couple ;) I love Reeces but they are hard to get in NZ, I stock up bigtime in the States
ID	3	12:06am and my &quot;him&quot; is officially the 1st one to say Happy Mother's Day to me   I love it!!!
ID	0	ans so the lion.......kicked the dogs ass!!!!
ID	1	ans so the lion.......kicked the dogs ass!!!!
ID	2	Geeze- I'm just wondering what is wrong with some people. I either need to go for a run or go to sleep. Tomorrow should be a fun day.
ID	2	Chillin Waitin For My Hunny Baby To Get Out Of Work!!!!!  To Get My Drink On While Finishin Da Song I Have
ID	3	enjoying this whole relaxation thing
ID	3	Saw the new Star Trek movie the other day. I strongly recommend it!
ID	2	@AdiumX time to learn another language?
ID	3	Had a great day with the moms and sis  really makes ya appreciate those days
ID	3	watching because i said so! happy mothers day!
ID	3	back home with my puppyy
ID	3	@pameladetlor aw honey... you just relaxin? That's probably for the best.
ID	3	@NasKarGirl Thank you
ID	3	@slinkawoogie I'm so honored to hear my name on a Breezy track  hope u liked my shit! #drunk_bowling
ID	3	pretty tired after a nice full day.
ID	2	Nothing like In 'n' Out and a LOST marathon after a long day of work.
ID	3	&quot;how do you like them apples&quot; is from the movie Rio Bravo. Good Will Hunting make a lot more sense now.
ID	3	@sharonhayes #twappy http://bit.ly/D9qVk
ID	3	@tiny1877 Oh no! I guess I'm officially a big nerd now. I heard the movie is great even if you don't like Trek... and I do
ID	3	@luvKai THANK YOU LOVE!
ID	3	@JessicaCorban stellar! You 2 look great
ID	3	Working on the store's Facebook group, getting ready to relax and play some 360. I'm thinking Mercenaries 2 tonight; Me likey explosions
ID	3	Falling asleep while listening to James Taylor
ID	3	working on mothers day slideshow, cake, card, and balloons  she deserves the best!
ID	3	@msulatbuku LOL! Glad you like it!
ID	3	@phinnia *hugs hugs hugs* I'm glad you're feeling better.
ID	3	@jasonmitchener awesome! What a blessing
ID	3	watching ace of cakes  its suwweeeeet they use alot of fondont or howeva ya spell it.(:
ID	2	@xoangelbabiixo @Babygirl9415 @thatmjgurl @kevinjlover @allecat @agirlcalledana @rawritsria @bubbles303 @ILY_beckett Thanks so much !
ID	3	@FlipFlopsChels Yes, I would love some more cowbell!
ID	3	@vanessavaldeezy i'll go to the movies with you
ID	3	wishes all you moms a happy &amp; blessed Mother's Day!
ID	2	@Absturbation yeah ... he was 0-3 and SCOREless tonight
ID	3	Can't wait for tomorrow ! It's finally over ! Bittersweet for sure
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAYYYY!!!
ID	2	@xVOJOx It was crazy all day today and I have a feeling it's going to be that way tomorrow, too.  Enjoy your couple of days off though
ID	2	@TheRaj I kind of figured. He'd probably be unable to reason out why a lot of the things in manga happen, or the way they happen.
ID	3	Going out to down town with a friend, long time haven't seen him...OKOK.. i am feeling fresh again
ID	4	Got caught in the rain. Sand Monsoon all the way home, even though i looked like a complete idiot
ID	3	Time to put the weapons on the charger for the night.  Sleep tight
ID	2	is on air
ID	3	@greenpolkadot99 u go to profile then ill help u from there cause ur right next to me!!! he he he
ID	0	Platypuses are the only mammals that can lay eggs.
ID	1	Platypuses are the only mammals that can lay eggs.
ID	3	@loadedman look at my background that's how I want my future date to be like  (well if I ever get him).
ID	2	@duckamin If it makes you feel any better.. My Saturday night is lame as well. I heart you
ID	3	WGN is playing old episodes of Rocky &amp; Bullwinkle. Fractured Fairy Tales for the win
ID	4	@CynthiaY29 dr hook  awesome
ID	3	The moon is sooooo pretty
ID	3	thanks mom, we love you too.
ID	3	Haha. Lacey just shutdown the livestream. Party time
ID	3	@EPLisa diapers??  Feeding?  Cooking?  I don't do any of that stuff!!!  Hahaha... yeah, right!  Sounds like a normal day for me.
ID	3	Downtown drinking celebrating the cavs victory!!!
ID	3	Crabs are amazing...well as long as they're not in your pants.
ID	3	Date movie with Nate. Most likely Wolverine.
ID	3	Sunburned from Venice and watching Fred Claus....Such excitement!!
ID	3	Gotta be at church by ten for camera meeting  Finally!! =D lol
ID	3	just ran through the rain
ID	3	recorded some of a new song today! u wont hear it for a long time thooo... we might play it at shows tho! so comeeeeee
ID	3	Justin is too funny on SNL... Ciara finna perform
ID	2	in the words of liana corber: Moreover, WIAIH was a humbling experience... i surprisingly had a decent night
ID	4	if you're as lovesick as I am, give me a call, we should go bowling and complain about love
ID	3	@clairezee86 fo sho, im down
ID	3	@QUEENCHINAB He seemed all happy about it
ID	4	@saranw Thank you! You should know that I am both happy and sad (all at the same time) to know that. You've got &quot;The Right Stuff&quot;
ID	3	Cannot wait to get all dolled up and go out tonight
ID	2	@TrevorAB aww you poor dear! But it was awesome you came out to race!
ID	3	Took the dog to the off-leash park today. He overheated then ran and laid in the only mud puddle there and splashed around. Was amusing
ID	3	Hey Oprah just watched the show with Hugh Jackman, I love him too, he is so sexy
ID	3	thelma &amp; louise, Good movie.
ID	3	Watching fireworks off the Bay bridge.
ID	2	can't wait to see those pics @yikes77
ID	3	@HarleyPlays you and @dezzy88 are both baitersss  hope tonight is fun!
ID	3	Congratulations Mr. Jay-el and Mrs. Maricar Chu! Wish you all the best in the world!
ID	4	hot wings cafe with willyum  mild, spicy BBQ, curly fries.. delicious!!  http://twitpic.com/4wesr
ID	3	@StealthBoomPow night honey..see ya tomorrow
ID	2	@carlito2009 haha that's always a good jam
ID	3	@jordanknight Oh Jordan! Im ready for the next contest, baby!!!! Cant wait! Kisses from Brazil. I love you!
ID	3	@aimeesays aww i hope it does fly by because JT episodes are usually really good (and it's early but so far this ep hassn't disappointed)
ID	3	@xVOJOx It's kind of like your birthday is 3-days long!
ID	2	@brucefloyd ps- are you a doctor or swine flu paranoid??
ID	0	@johnataylor She should keep her crown and shut her mouth!   Then she'll know what non-judgmental means!
ID	1	@johnataylor She should keep her crown and shut her mouth!   Then she'll know what non-judgmental means!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all mothers!
ID	2	Home with Maddie  I'm tired.. Goin' to bed afterwards
ID	2	@oharris69 JUST like to clarify that I am a unable to acc. review vibrators as have not testrun any. *not an invitaiton for freebies
ID	3	Swiped the last package of fruit snacks! Hell yeah. Finished Catch-22. What shall I read next?!? I'm such a nerd
ID	4	@webaggression I can only promise about 150 or so.
ID	3	@rajtilak thanks for the followfriday promo.
ID	3	is fixin to clean the house for my mom for mother's day
ID	3	@Mj69Catz thanks  let me know which print from my gallery you would like, and we can work the details out
ID	3	Happy mothers dayyy all mothers especially mine
ID	3	@NeSsIe_Cullen10 That's so nice to hear  i love you, you're my best friend and my sister *hug u*
ID	3	Goodnight  PS- thanks for jailbreaking my iPod, stacie &lt;3
ID	2	Finished dinner @ apple bees  off to Freds in PB for drinks!
ID	0	@tayl0rmichael i know. But you messed up silly
ID	1	@tayl0rmichael i know. But you messed up silly
ID	3	@JJLola Thanxx for following me
ID	3	making my mom a mothers day card
ID	4	@aquadj James and I battle over everything too! It's kind of a love-hate relationship
ID	4	@ninnifur   Animas calls it Combo. Sometimes it works pizza, sometimes not. What pump do you use again?
ID	3	I love my big brother very much.
ID	3	yay i see @PrincessSuperC awwwww damn it's about to be on
ID	3	@Krystania thanks.mine wasn't too bad. Made a card for my mom, had a nice nap, finished some work, wrote bills, I have a surprise for you
ID	3	@jpblogger Nothing like &quot;RocknRolla&quot; which is another good film with rock in the title
ID	3	I'm really happy...and drunk  but really happy
ID	3	well going to sleep peoples!! night all twitterers!! loves ya!  *Welcome Home*
ID	3	Just got home from a wonderful day with my family!!  I had so much fun today.
ID	3	@Cohoons_World LOL! poor cubbies! brewers on a roll?? my rangers lost, but my Leafs won!
ID	2	@carlossoto nice to meet you. Mike, video producer CF Miami.
ID	3	My dad knows i got drunk today. And i didnt get in trouble.
ID	3	@thecompletes seen u a couple of times. Liked it
ID	3	@thecompletes seen u a couple of times. Liked it
ID	3	@WAVELORD @dari_tariq @lollipopvomit thank you
ID	3	gahh. my freaking lip ring is going to be the death of me. it never cooraperates with me. and im over it now jack haha;
ID	3	@_Bella_Cullen13 @RosalieHCullen @Esme_Cullen26 @alicecullen01 @NeSsIe_Cullen10  These are my family girls  love u guys *smiles*
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMMIES
ID	2	@kelvinlls Hey Kelvin, my day's been fantastic so far! We're getting ready for a family Mother's day function shortly
ID	4	@jlskowro @jennsquared will have to wait on the recipe at Simply Recipes.  Sorries!
ID	2	@judez_xo oh and i know brody and erin
ID	3	happy mothers day. ekin sayang mak!!!
ID	4	@_writersblock_  I'm having a bev by myself too. Sometimes you just have those kind of days and you need to relax
ID	3	talking to my BABE  he's amazing
ID	3	Fuzzball is more fun than Mother's Day  http://tinyurl.com/dhpol7
ID	3	chatting with some of my old classmates, hellyeah fun but we have some of very weird conversation haha. @dyankaaa hello? bbm lo error ya?
ID	3	@kluless65 I am doing fantastic JJJ!  You? Doing your questions already? teacher's pet!!
ID	3	@A77boy i.m with u on the internet surfing part lol but we.re drinking
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wf3a - the definition of true beauty
ID	3	@Chocolatito ahhh!! haha ... thanks for clarifying
ID	3	@_mamalaura night! So cute that K loves frogs  http://myloc.me/FI0
ID	3	Just got a bunch of presents in the mail from my mama! So excited to open them on my birthday... 3 more days!
ID	3	@fabfatties Thank you! One day at a time, right?
ID	3	just got back from cheescake factory boy oh boy are my guts stuffed
ID	3	@MichaelNi Ooh, I love sweet potato fries! We should definitely go.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day :] I lovee you mami
ID	3	oh yeah... happy Mothers day to every mom out there and to my friend's moms
ID	3	@siriuslyheather I love chocolate. Must be PMS
ID	3	just met Sarah Kelly... wow... she is an amazing woman of God!  and she gave me a free t-shirt!  gotta love free merch
ID	3	Signing off to spend time with my hubby   Goodnight / day tweeple!   Have a very Happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	Very content with my life at the moment
ID	3	A little happy for the wine jeje ok it'sm my free time so who cares, jaja i love this day
ID	3	@misscruisette Glad you like!
ID	3	@joannarobbins You are 'spot on'...I wouldn't tweet without it!! Thanks for your share tonight.
ID	3	@casndra okayy mail me thenn  Lol im hyperrr too much candy &amp;&amp; Jello x]
ID	3	@MeghanAlanna yes i love manchester orchestra,and sigur ross. all the other bands ive never heard of but ill give them a listen. thanks
ID	3	@Desert_Paradise Hi Dale, your welcome man! Hope ur weekend is going well. I think I would enjoy your Desert Paradise! fun, fun, fun!
ID	3	@jtimberlake Lovin' your performance on snl tonight... so damn funny!!!
ID	3	Had a good day 2day!  off to bed. Nite tweeps.
ID	3	does it get much better than king of queens and some honeycomb knock-off cereal?
ID	3	@MsNessa thats howya pose ta do get cake  (twitpic)
ID	3	hungraaaaaaaaay. i'll just eat. don't go away Twitter! @whatchandrasaid LUNCH.
ID	3	@nursewriter Glad to hear that b'day dinner was great! Wishing you a happy Mother's Day tomorrow.
ID	3	@PrinceJamir thanks for the follow bro!
ID	2	@james_a_michael It doesn't look like you're tired in the pic.  Don't work too hard.
ID	3	@james_a_michael CUTE  thanks for sharing! AND PLEASE Direct Message ME before you go to bed James ;) ;) you know you want to!
ID	3	Roxy was right. This palmade stuffs pretty cool
ID	3	Singstar  after stupid downloads finish ;(
ID	2	Ur performance of love sex magic was awesome!
ID	3	Hi this is http://gayorbispace.com We hope everybody is having a safe &amp; fun weekend
ID	3	@RiotGirl14 Sounds Fun!
ID	3	Thanks Synn!
ID	3	It is officially Mother's Day! Happy Mother's Day to all!  (via @The_Tech_Update) &lt;-- Ditto!
ID	3	@AceArtemis7 well nothing. I can give you a pen.
ID	2	@skie and how are you going to make it up to me
ID	3	Enjoying my yummylicious shrimp burrito... MmMmm
ID	3	long, fun day  now for some relaxation. some TV with the mom, then sleeeep
ID	2	To bed I go   Nighty Night
ID	3	@alcatrazsmith Thanks al...i had a freakin ball!! great company, awesome venues....what more could a girl want?  love ya!!
ID	2	@KnightGrl OMG I'm sorry to hear that! I will keep my fingers crossed that you find something
ID	3	@kricket_rc234 good morning sushine!
ID	3	Busssssss with everyone!  yayyy!!!!!!!
ID	3	Just got home from dinner with my mommy and my new grandma. I'd rather be in Hollywood right now
ID	3	Art show at dee's place!! Woohoooo.
ID	3	just saw ghosts of girlfriends past with my bf, that movie was so predictable but so funny! i loved it
ID	3	@skotot Oh, that said, the sellout was a fluke. It turns out the projector was broken.   I still think the film is bloody good times, tho.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there! Goodnight to everyone else
ID	2	@FoxWhisperer  My Dad worked for SW when I graduated HS. Worked at HOU 21 years.   He retired 3 years before I joined the Company.
ID	3	any one watching justin timberlake on SNL? He is greattttt! So hilarious
ID	3	Fun webcamming with caroooo
ID	3	i had a dream last night, and i was singing  first avid dream of myself crooning away!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wff3 - Got these pretty sweet stickers from @refyousuck
ID	3	@bbelle_ yeah, just knew him because of your link  HE'S COMPLETELY AMAZING AND HE SINGS PHANTOM!
ID	3	@Veronicahun i will do that..
ID	3	I am soo happy! Thank you baby for the best 1095 days of my life
ID	2	@MissXu Nope  Not that I have to worry about the possibility. I'm more worried about GOOG's design than her personal taste, actually.
ID	3	@barnaby3 I saw them a few on this tour a few months ago in Boston. So good! Glad you finally got to see them
ID	3	Gave my mommy her Mother's Day present. Tickets to Aerosmith (her favorite band everr.) Yay for a good reaction.
ID	3	Finished dexter season2    start on season 3 next week?
ID	3	@oliviathiem thank you. We had a blast
ID	3	Good show, sleepytime. Goodnight moon
ID	3	tiiiiiiired! Going to bed! Drinking leads to making out with boys, who you later forget their names.... Don't drink kids. Goodnight
ID	3	Shot some footage of a fundraiser to purchase a mobile health clinic this morning then a little web work and a full afternoon of climbing
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY 2 ME
ID	3	Korean music festival &lt;33 i miss you ): Hahaha sexy time ! (: &lt;3 Can't wait till SHINee ! LOL !
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight awww thanks Jon! My 9yr old told me I was to sleep in, while they all clean the house.. best mom's day present ever!
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight Thank you Jonathan! I am the proud mommy to a 6 yr old girl, and a 14 yr old boy!
ID	3	love it when jonas brothers are in the trending topics. maybe taylors turn next
ID	3	@BOLDNATIVE Hi Denis, when can we grab coffee?   would love to catch up with you.  Jordan
ID	2	@marcelatanaka You are welcome, xuxu
ID	3	exhausted, sore and sunburnt. but I'm really happy
ID	2	@HollyMVG That's awesome. Biking is an underappreciated activity these days.
ID	3	Happy Mothers day to all you MI.. mothers out there.   Thanks for doing what you do .. whatever that is
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight Awww, thanks Jon!  I appreciate that
ID	3	Wrapping packes for mom day   Happy Mom Day to all you hot mommas out there
ID	3	@dcorsetto love love love pot psycology. My Friday night treat
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow Montreal Blockheads who are moms  I'll join the club...one day! LOL
ID	3	@alwayswyser Good night.
ID	3	doing Accounting homework  Just nicely got a 50p for the project &lt;3
ID	2	The Veronicas are gonna rock the stage tomorrow  HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY EVERYONE!
ID	3	@Jason_the_bear  I love  the names!
ID	3	Just starting integrating Twitter with Forexforums.org ... looks like a great partnership!  I welcome all to our chat room tomorow all day
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there
ID	3	@db aww that's cute
ID	3	I went to prom tonight.  My hair was cooler this time around...and I did it myself for free.
ID	3	What an incredibly great day.  hahaha!
ID	3	Finishing this giraffe, then getting some sleep. Super excited about tomorrow!
ID	3	@kelsie_marie1 hey beautiful whats up?
ID	3	thinks the world would be a better place...with more cowbell.
ID	2	@lyssaloo I was gonna text u and ask what puff meant!!
ID	3	@tpaulding // your FACE is stupid.   thanks... i miss you too. HA!
ID	3	@arielm27 Happy happy birthday
ID	3	@ocell great to hear you saw Slumdog Millionaire! And yes, that's a Bollywood thing at the end
ID	3	@NickyTvf have a good show
ID	3	@shufflebite im gunna juhs so its another way to talk ta yu  &lt;3
ID	4	@David_Henrie wat do u mean by killed it  and yes im sure lady gaga did do awsome
ID	3	craving a king sized snickers
ID	3	Tomorrow is Mother's Day! What did you get for your moms?! If you don't have a gift, just tell her that you love her.
ID	3	@IlanRubin Freaking awesome job tonight! You seem to really be having a lot of fun. I have some pictures I wanna send you..
ID	3	@barrysma NEW motorcycle and you POPPED a cable already? wow-you ride HARD!
ID	3	@kellimiura I'll save the celebration until it's sent to my professor. I am proud that I wrote a 15 page paper though
ID	3	@janetleejohnson A rare treat b/c we're rarely ap and at 'em that early!  But we may make opening bell at the PDX Farmers Mkt a new goal.
ID	3	Come an add, new twitter.  Only for fans.
ID	2	I had a GREAT day with you guys today! We went to the Clay House for Emily's birthday &amp; had lots of fun. We will have 2 go there again.
ID	3	@yfeandipoo I'm sooooo excited to see you also love.....let the craziness begin  7 daysssssss YAHOOOO
ID	2	@alexosh1234 not worth it! I love the free version for the iPhone though!
ID	3	Went to friend's house to watch some good old season 1 episodes of Supernatural &lt;3 Damn I love this show soo fucking much
ID	3	@ssnape Yes, though perhaps I wasn't thinking. I like vague. It seems a popper term for you.
ID	3	@Gilamuffin Sounds like a good time, very nice of you.  Did you see him, when he played at the Rio or Aladdin? I've seen him live, 3 times
ID	4	Hi Everyone miss me much?  muahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ;)
ID	3	That's it. I'm hooked.
ID	3	Had fried oreos downtown vegas, went to the park with her cousins. BEST DAY EVERRRR.  Happy mommy's day!
ID	3	@BoyceAvenue hey guys it's leann. . i dont know if you remember me but i just wanted to say that i'm very excited to see you guys go far
ID	4	@mortuaries your tweets are making my night, bb girl
ID	2	@Lemonpi PH and I are having a macaron smackdown...except he is not aware of it...It's all being played out in my head
ID	3	Sleepy time! Happy Mothers' Day to current and future moms around the globe!
ID	3	Talking to my good friend Neika on myspace... I used to be friends with her, then hated her, and now am great friends with her again!!
ID	3	@calimiles You live dat glamorous life.
ID	4	I just watched my favorite movie &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot; its so romantic and sad i just love it
ID	2	Tonight's SNL does not dissapoint. LOL
ID	3	Snoops uncle who was the COOLEST dancer EVER!!!!!!  http://twitpic.com/4wfqn
ID	4	&gt;&gt;Why did the Blonde Keep failing her drivers license test--------&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Everytime they stopped, she jumped in the back seat.
ID	3	@AboveAllFabric wow! you've been tweeting all night!! looks like you totally made up for the day
ID	3	is ur boyfriend better than mine? hell no!
ID	3	@robdyrdek my husband wears the same shirt all the time, think you can send some of that this way??
ID	4	@mamacapps  Know I'm not the only one.  Just harder on me.
ID	3	@ChesterBaker Really laughing out loud! Seeing a limo in front of MacDonalds is just to funny!
ID	3	saturday night live is amazing &amp; makes me laff lalala  i will always love this show  timberlake's sketches are always funny &lt;3
ID	3	@jtimberlake give-it-on-up-to-justinville  may i just say...your skits in snl were hilarious! lol
ID	3	@cococutie4u  holla happy early mother's day
ID	3	Beautiful day  Northwest River Park for Mother's Day then movie night. Church tomorrow is going to be insane! I can't wait
ID	3	and it's my birthday tomorrow. Everything worked fine w/that in the end Convinced her not 2 invite ppl she didn't know
ID	3	Reading the bible, praying, then bed
ID	3	Watched The Rescuers Down Under with Dru and ate Mickey d's. This is how Disney sequels *should* be done
ID	2	i have a sunburn line on my back from the tag sticking out of my tank top all day..... ugh. i need aloe vera!! went to the park again
ID	3	@smf_always3 okay well thank you you are so beautiful too
ID	3	@traceym75 Thanks! I will tell her my friends on Twitter say so.
ID	3	@CARAciao haha :S i started yesterday my dad helped me so much!!!
ID	3	@MusikFareak i'm doing awesome! Rachel N had a bday party today  it was fun. Btw have you seen  Sam's prom pix? They're GORGEOUS!
ID	3	@LaniNicole Yeh yeh. I would switch to Cingular, but I have more friends on T-Mobile. Free minutes, yo.
ID	3	@iamchrisc haha  cute. ps thanks for the reply made my day haha
ID	3	Star trek was SOOOOO AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Spock and Kirk were hillarious!!!  Im seeing it again. sooon.
ID	4	DUCKED OFF! I'LL BE BACK IN GA TOMORROW.
ID	3	Home finally! Im soooo tired and kinda lonely now, blah but w.e I'll cuddle in some blankets and watch a movie by myself  sounds good. Lol
ID	3	trying to figure this twitter thing out!   I'm quite excited about it
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight thank u sweetie! Can't wait to set sail with u next week
ID	3	@stefanie504 She must have a very adwancrd sense of humor!  That's funny
ID	3	@omgstephwtf  Knighty Knight! Sweet NKOTB freams  Love Ya!
ID	2	's plans didn't go as followed, but its ok
ID	3	Barack Obama is a legend, just watched his dinner speach, it was pretty funny
ID	2	@FlamingBluStar Sorry to hear about the laptop troubles. Hope you can get them fixed and the lappy back to norm.
ID	3	@m1dnightc1ty I do too!! Sounds interesting
ID	3	@melgreco thanks for coming in tonight  it made me so happy
ID	3	@ticketranaway It's not sad. To tweet is to twitter, not someone misspronouncing a word kto make it fit a card.  I would have tweeted it.
ID	3	playing 20 questions with Chris
ID	3	@danielradcliffe Sunday and Mother's day!
ID	3	Looking forward for orange juice and fried eggs and cinnamon rolls tomorrow morning!!
ID	3	had a great night with friends
ID	3	@MissJia  Word. Yayy twitter after dark lol.
ID	3	@Lethaldread Awww my lovies! Yes I love it all.  And I'm totally finishing my buffalo sammich after a few hits off the new bongie. &lt;3
ID	2	@Tyrese4ReaL hi (My Man) lOl I love you too... The song was clearer just had to turn my phone down
ID	3	Baking experiment results: delicious, very sweet, very rich.  Almost too sweet.
ID	3	Oh Justin Timberlake. I love when u host SNL!
ID	3	happy Bday MOM
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight awww such a sweetie. hope your mom has a wonderful mother's day too
ID	3	@mahhsaayyy haha! well im glad i made you feel better in your time of struggle
ID	3	My 1st Mothers Day Tomorrow
ID	2	I like Sunday afternoons ...
ID	2	@carbaby and @travisgarland great seein you guys today!!! you look so happy  love it!! lets hang out soon!! love yall!
ID	3	@jtimberlake TY sweetheart
ID	3	Good night everybody, i love u Phillip! XO
ID	3	Sturday night live
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight you &amp; chicken soup &amp; I'll be good!
ID	3	@chelsealitalien but you always have lee. Let's go to Paris
ID	3	wow i'm tired... going to bed, GOOD NIGHT
ID	3	Got 38 followers now!
ID	3	@emilove aaahhhh I'm so excited!
ID	2	cant find my shoes. :/ hope its as bad as itll get 2nite.  im happy.
ID	3	@LKnerl yes we must I had so much fun at SXSW with you guys  PJ party in my room
ID	3	@mrskutcher Hi! Im Barb frm IA. New to tweetin. Enjoy reading ur tweets. U seem like a wonderful person..I KNOW ur a wonderful actress
ID	3	@lyteforce Ur stat pack made the LB roll. It's like ur there!
ID	3	She is all I can ever think about.  http://twitpic.com/4wg12
ID	3	Done studying bout the earth
ID	3	@CloverandBee YEA!! Way to go! Super excited for a great Midwest resource!!! Midwest pride!
ID	3	My laptop was being an idiot. Its back to normal now
ID	3	@kellykleinwi okay, thanks!
ID	3	Watching SNL. Awhh, Chris Pine is a cutieee
ID	3	TodaY was better. My Panda can eally cheer me up. I dont know, I am Happy, Like the legit happy.
ID	4	I work all day tomorrow, followed by a date with tits, So Jayden and I gave my mom her mother's day gifts at midnight. She cried.
ID	3	Ok all have hit the point of relaxation.. heading to bed  sleep well and Happy Mother's day to all you Moms out there!! Night
ID	2	@ArnaudJacobs  I always thought scuba diving would give me a entirely new perspective of the world, but too chicken to do it. can u help?
ID	2	Loong line for 7:00 trek. Started around 6. I'm trying to block the sun with my hand
ID	3	@bunnyrenee thank you
ID	3	@AlSween awwww you got love foe me?  yup yup I got love for mr Sween all day everyday!
ID	3	May 10 is Human Kindness Day.
ID	2	@thnkhappythghts HIM shirt at dinner? Do you need to ask??  Does it actually have Ville on it?
ID	3	@Werby76 oh suuuuuuuure...rub it in why don't ya!!!!!!!!! LOL Enjoy!
ID	3	Just finished down loading AIM6.9 and guess what! I can get updates from Twitter on it!  Message me at: i am katie arttt
ID	3	fun fun night  miss you. night tweets
ID	2	@JonathanRKnight Thanks so much Jon.....same to your mom    That is so sweet of you to think of all of us
ID	3	watching Scariest Places on Earth - I love this stuff
ID	4	HAPPY MOTHER DAY TO ALL THE MOTHER'S IN THE ENTIRE WORLD WE DESERVED A DAY JUST FOR US RIGHT...
ID	3	Just Another Mobile Monday is back online. There's two days I'll never get back.     http://tinyurl.com/ra48ye (via @justamonday)
ID	0	Happy mothers day  I'm so hungry and the resturants are all closed... Damn
ID	1	Happy mothers day  I'm so hungry and the resturants are all closed... Damn
ID	3	is also wishing these two lovely mothers @solangeknowles &amp; @fatbellybella a very special Mother's Day!!!  enjoy!
ID	3	Fun is being had.
ID	3	I think I would be a good radio dj...I like awesome music and I have a great personality!!!!  ;) !!!   !!!
ID	2	@mirder http://twitpic.com/4wfs8 - You are so weird. You need to lay off the smokes, because you're talking to yourself.
ID	3	@offgrid Awwww   i've got some photos of cute bunnies
ID	3	making german apple slice  nom nom nom
ID	3	got to see 2 of my favorite guys back on long island  heading back to the city tomorrow or monday to be with the boyfriend! &lt;3
ID	3	Just back from bingo w/family -- I won over $1100! Fun night
ID	2	wow its only 9:30
ID	3	@__Greer__ Hey Greer! I'm Marco! It's nice to talk with a fellow actor(ress) haha
ID	3	9:30pm and this grandma is going to sleep.  20ish Mother's Day reservations tomorrow...
ID	3	Thank god for Starbucks
ID	3	@GoodNightIrene Thanks lady!!
ID	3	@Clara_miss my best friend won tickets to see them from kiis fm!
ID	2	@Renesmeeeeee *hugs back* me too
ID	2	@bhl1 I hope so! My sister lives there!
ID	3	@MISS_OTTAWA have fun!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the Ladies... With all the moments we cherish with our children, today let those moments cherish you in return.
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE!!!!!!!
ID	3	just woke up. Happy Mommy's Day to everyone's mom and grandma!
ID	3	@SherriEShepherd   you deserve so much better... hang in there good things come to those who wait!
ID	3	Thai food with Natalie. She loves this stuff. That makes me smile.
ID	3	@katyperry the good life!!! - under a honeymoon
ID	3	totally the best part of my day was studying with @beccahicklen  haha ok now i'm really leaving holly's and i'll be there shortly! peace!
ID	3	Oh and PS. Since it is already 12:30, I should probably say &quot;Happy Mother's Day&quot; to my Mom and all the mothers out there!
ID	3	Working on our baseball fundraiser  Get 10% percent off Platium or Diamond wedding package if you let us know you saw us on Twitter!
ID	3	Chicken beer and good company makes a good night...
ID	3	@abiFACE thanks for havin us overrr!
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight hey babe, happy to hear from you again on twitter  the today show was AMAZING!!
ID	4	@howardlindzon You're such a kiss ass   Looking forward to central, mountain and pacific mother's day tweets.  Don't forget about PEI
ID	2	he said for real
ID	3	I had so much fun tonight!! But i am soo excited to get home and go to sleep
ID	2	@julieannee sup betch
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day 2 all the fabulous moms out there. The world wouldn't run without us. Keep up the good work! Enjoy ur day
ID	3	@Turrislove09 but i realllllllly want to. llike im really starting to hate PA. btw, i just messaged the great one known as dylan
ID	3	Painting is hard work. Very tired. But satisfying to see God's house getting prettier.  And I like the yellow of Tim's room.
ID	0	@HOMELESSCRISIS And maybe you will get the statue and sainthood you are seeking.  Win-win for all. Can't be a victim like your people.
ID	1	@HOMELESSCRISIS And maybe you will get the statue and sainthood you are seeking.  Win-win for all. Can't be a victim like your people.
ID	3	Prolly going to Jamba Juice in thirty minutes , shop for awhile then hit the airport and see my daddddd.
ID	2	The 22nd can't get here fast enough!
ID	3	Choir banquet was more than I could've ever dreamed.   I'm so happy! Now after party at Lauren's!!!
ID	3	@JessicaSimpson I've been a fan of yours for years and you have been such an inspiration to me. You're truly my idol  Best wishes to you
ID	3	@jessiemona mama the boys gon be sweating her hard in Pre K  lol muah
ID	3	is about to Camp Rock with @meltrev &amp; daddy  YAY!
ID	3	fireworks @ KBOOM concert... second best I've ever seen...preceded only by last year's show 2008 &lt;sigh&gt;
ID	3	@MsEDU Tyler Perry is Hilarious! I think I will.  I'm off to bed though so I tweet ya in the morning. Goodnight!
ID	3	@brotallybeh dude, was that you in the new Star Trek Burger King commercial? Bud Light AND Burger King? So proud of u man.
ID	2	party was awesome. soooo tired, bye. ps: happy momma's day
ID	3	@CompanyWoman haha i have 2 ask, are you 2 as beautiful as ur voices? curse u super cool beautiful women who are likely unavailable! lol
ID	3	@LittleGigiGirl Happy Birthday!!!!!
ID	2	@cptheartist 'wife a chick' LMAO!!  no problem with marriage. just negative symbolism attached to the jump-right-into-the ring bling thing
ID	3	@whiteangle We held out, Japanese people were making origami animals for Darcy   Had a great time, amazing place!
ID	3	Mmmmmmm. I love Espresso......the app, that is. I guess the real thing helps me work efficiently too
ID	3	Happy Mommy Day
ID	2	Have you ever been so exhausted your entire body aches? I'm there! Lights out - Goodnight little tweets...sleep tight
ID	2	I feel like I need to catch up on twitter haven't done much of it this weekend!
ID	2	@AlimSalahuddin LOL!!! I'm going to see it maybe today
ID	3	maybe he could drill a hole in me?  LOL    OH SNAP!  (sorry couldn't resist)
ID	3	Ok, 4 Star Trek fans have given the new movie good reviews  getting very excited!!!
ID	3	Think i'm going to go down to the lobby in a while to get either Starbucks or.. perhaps some ice cream
ID	3	wishing mom happy mother's day and ofcourse, happy birthday as well!
ID	3	Off to bed after hours on the phone gossiping with Bia, lol. Nite nite, sleep tight!
ID	4	@profitfu wattup bro, hows it going, i see ya twitter is kicking butt   JV http://twurl.nl/ogzbdl
ID	2	@omgfasho brent is going to 789... and charles and dave we neeeeeeeeed to go
ID	3	@jesslina Awww, yeah, I love that one.  I remember seeing him at Great America w/ Tassi.  Such a great memory
ID	2	@Jordanbrown Get her Clogging Shoes
ID	3	@userealbutter door's open, your cup of tea is waiting
ID	3	mhmm idk i thought of just showing up and freaking ppl out hehe...but yeah i TOTALLY understand if it is just for u guys  VN sounds cool!!
ID	3	Wonderful weekend  I love my family  &amp; friends because they are awesome. Happy Mothers day to all the mommies &lt;3
ID	3	Will be going to Indiana Baptist Sunday, Pray for summer missionaries...
ID	3	@LeEyecandy hahaha. I think you're pretty far from me. Maybe next time though
ID	3	@gemstwin Granny, Linda will be happy.
ID	3	Im liking escape the fate alot tonight.  excited for ESTK      NemoNemesis
ID	3	@aramos82 yes! the pool opened this weekend
ID	3	happy mother's day!!!
ID	3	thinks castles are fun
ID	3	@MsKnitSox thanks amy, its full of hotness
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMMYS!!!!!!!!!!!!
ID	2	@stovertile Etsy handmade cards weren't any good?
ID	3	wooo...my luck is done
ID	3	Drinks &amp;&amp; din w/ Amy and Lori
ID	3	needs to escape from this town. getting ready. seeyuhhh.
ID	3	Welcome aboard to 5 new followers  Thanks, I'm honored.
ID	3	@lo_ferrigno YES!! YOU FTW!!!!! LMAO i wasnt watching
ID	3	can't stop playing Fallout 3!  This game is addictive like crack!!  It's bad when you dream that your repairing guns in your sleep
ID	3	had an awsome salad! I recommend getting the Spicey buffalo chicken salad!
ID	3	happy mothers day to all motherssss!  &lt;3333
ID	2	@TheDailyBlonde No i am not a mom or dad, hmm well I will forward the link to my mom.  I am embarrassed now
ID	3	@TheWayIRoll HIII!!!!  i've missed you  just bored....what about u?
ID	3	@neeliemoo thats why im such an asshole
ID	3	omgoodness FINALLY back from dinner with the fam bam!
ID	2	@rustycoon Edgefest!  or maybe  since you're driving...
ID	3	NITE PEOPLES!!!!!
ID	3	Today is not lost
ID	3	Spending time with mom tomorrow morning...barbacoa, here I come...  HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
ID	3	@Jonasbrothers It is absolutely incredible. It's official: My FAVORITE JONAS is FRANKIE. He is the man
ID	3	@southernbell361 Yeah, Jimmy Fallon is back to do a skit. Yay!!!!
ID	2	Hmm I guess where the world is headed 2day....Lets make predictions
ID	2	These difficult situation force us to think about marrying a lovable girl
ID	2	@JonathanRKnight so seriously...I need a date to a wedding. Really dont wanna go alone. Its May 23rd...any chance?
ID	3	another fun night!!  chilled wit my homie @ green turtle n the park....good times...good times.
ID	2	I do amazing at beer pong with my brother
ID	3	@remzology it was amazing but due to time constraints could only visit the meadows and pine forest. Shall post images later.
ID	3	@jark turn them off, you can still go 100% aero free.
ID	3	To My Moms . I Love u so much , Ur so independent &amp; strong and I hope everything I do in life keeps u happy. Love ur 1st born Mel
ID	3	I had a GREAT night with Justine and the boys and all the westconn people I met tonight haha
ID	3	@oheather78 Sweet! I'm a Jaycee one-letter-er I think. Just D!
ID	4	@JoWork oh, she gon com back again.........AND YO' AZZ BETTA MAKE A VID ABOUT YO' PROM BOY
ID	3	@AlexAllTimeLow ohh snapp, have fun
ID	3	@littlemissgina I beat you to the punch!  #stickam
ID	3	@pakyton i love them
ID	2	@schappie That's just weird... :\  Oh, and what was it you were drawing for me?
ID	3	@Merlene Cool! You're in the 5-figure-Tweeter Club.
ID	2	@Yungrichhustla ohh kayy fasho if u go tonight have fun for me
ID	2	@FlyAArmy Yep- same here. I have to be in the mood 4 it.
ID	3	I love Mindy, She is my favorite employee
ID	2	@Nora_78 I'm sowwy u have to work w/an idiot. I will call u if u want. Just to break up ur day.
ID	4	@Aroundtheus  cheers!! ;)
ID	3	happy mother's day to all moms out there...
ID	3	@jusreenomas i didnt think the vid was hoeish i actually love it.it was so nasty  lol
ID	3	@HilHolla have fun on flashy fed hill..im sure you're imported cheeto eating ass will fit in lol
ID	3	@Quizman15 thanks joeman!
ID	3	@mrskutcher Ashotn looks great, and you look fantastic as always! You two still have the newlywed glow, and that's forever.  TRUE LOVE
ID	3	@beneubanks I like your HR shirts. They're inspiring me to think of witty/rude HR-like sayings I'd never actually wear.
ID	3	@hxcfairy No wonder we're married.   Night love. &lt;3
ID	3	@freshalina @itsmeAmerie Hey everyone! I just mixed the first single....!  &quot;Why R U&quot; ...I'm sooo excited!
ID	3	@kimberlynicole Yay!!! I'm so happy you got to meet her!
ID	2	@lindentreephoto Unless you mean the 2 hours a week i use for sleeping. Yeah, suppose i could use those
ID	3	goin to bed, but must say i love that #justin timberlake and #mark martin are the #3 and #4 trending topics on twitter tonite!  rock.
ID	3	at homee..boring but its okiee gonna see the boyfriend and his momma tomorrow for momma dayy
ID	3	@WeddingTresses what fun are you speaking of?
ID	3	@jefferycjordan Sounds good to me!  Taylor + Kellie on tour together is just pure genious!
ID	3	im determined to slarm around my house and eat egg sandwiches. and smoke a few bowls. sounds like a splendid evening to me
ID	3	@XKirstyxo haha  I love Dnt Regret It Now with Tyga &lt;3 But just randomly, DeLeon sings on Tifanny Blews! Haha like one line.. XD
ID	3	@crystalmethod LOVE the album guys and can't wait for the official release  Just curious, what top 3 softsynths/DAW were used on it?
ID	3	@ultraviolet10 the only thing I know about star trek is the joke from tina fey's twitter, &quot;may the 4th be with you&quot;
ID	3	What a great night.
ID	3	@J14magazine HaHa i Forgot...It'll Probably Be On Youtube...So I'll Watch It Later
ID	3	@PrincessSuperC you were greeeeeeaaaaatttttttt babe!! It was amazing!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wgoi - At bus boys and poets ordering medici and white chocolate banana bread pudding @kspidel!!
ID	2	i think i might have got a little bit of a tan today
ID	3	I love my job. getting some REAL sleep. Icing the birthday cake in the morning!
ID	2	@hma4983 I'm a laid back person for the most part, Vinny is the opposite.  Guess we compliment each other  it will all work out! How r u?
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wgoq - The Beach was phenomenal 2day
ID	2	@kricket_rc234 haha  yup. but still have a terrible headache and super swollen and puffy eyes! i dont think im going out today.ugh!
ID	2	To all the moms out there in this world have a HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
ID	3	@totallyapple Here, have fun with this: http://bit.ly/PlNm4
ID	3	#snl...you've gotten better  keep it up
ID	3	just got home from all states honors choir, the 9 hour drive payed off, it was amazinggggg!
ID	3	@Alyssa_Milano hahaha i love how u threw in the pets thing.  sooo same to youuu  love ya much
ID	3	@KatieKatPink it's not a test to find cancer, it's just some stuff in regards to; in this case, positive results would be a good thing
ID	3	Just thinking that it will all pay off in the end.
ID	3	I am off to bed now....my family has a wonderful day planned for me today      Happy Mother's Day
ID	3	happy mother's day to all the mama's out there, be greatful and appreciate your mama
ID	3	@Ethan2Rock Thanks for the heads up, Ethan. Watching it now
ID	3	Pink google and flowers for mothers!  http://www.google.com.ph/logos/mothersday09.gif
ID	3	@clighty Invite them to your house instead
ID	3	ah! i almost missed snl. thanks twitterfriends
ID	0	Mad tht I didn't make time to hang out with a friend but I already pinky promised tht I will clear my calendar tomorrow
ID	1	Mad tht I didn't make time to hang out with a friend but I already pinky promised tht I will clear my calendar tomorrow
ID	3	@TheQuietOne35 so it went well.  Andrea
ID	3	I'm going to try &amp; get some sleep. I got work mostly all day &amp; I'm training for bakery also. Glammyyy crocker on deck. Lmao. Text or call
ID	3	gorgeous wedding. hope i can experience that love one day. cheers to the beautiful couple! ummmm did the hawks win??????  no really..?
ID	3	going to bed.   goodnight
ID	3	I love my Mom. Yo Amo a mi Mama. ? ? ? Thank you mommy... Ti amo con tutto il mio cuore.  Happy Mother's Day
ID	3	Smores plus jacuzzi equals amazing
ID	2	@CharlieShrem  alright...I'm going to get off comp now, go back to ur party  be safe  &amp; have fun!
ID	3	@having hot cuppa coffee made with milk &amp; fortified with Monin's Irish Coffee syrup! Bliss!
ID	3	@daftlikejack it seems totally awesome to me! you know, two real reasons for celebrating.
ID	2	juss boredd, !
ID	3	Okay, seriously. you're all going to have to forgive me while I gush like a little fangirl for a few tweets
ID	3	@_catchfire Happy Birthday Chip's sister
ID	2	enjoyed a good time out tonight.  Stupid movie, but good times losing at the pool table!
ID	2	@renu19 lol y??? .. trashed the kitchen ?
ID	2	@JayLink_ I'll be glad to help in any way I can
ID	3	Mm. Goodnight. Going to play Rock Band 2 'til it's time to watch SNL with Justin Timberlake.
ID	3	great day/night with my gabberss
ID	3	@missSHANNAbaby aww such a cutie
ID	3	@mr_shiny Thanks for the heads-up. You're an hour ahead of me here.
ID	2	@chi_weets don't hurt me :'[ I meant it in a good way  :]
ID	3	@NoraFrost Thanks for the #followfriday mention. I really couldn't make up a better name for myself.
ID	3	@giannicash i saw a piece of that movie...loved it
ID	2	Exhausted. Thank goodness my race is almost here! All this training is ruining my social life
ID	3	@mikeprasad noticed that yesterday too...i'm actually really happy about that  #StarTrek
ID	3	Home at last HAPPY MOTHERS TO ALL THE MOTHERS Special thanks to my father he bought me tulips so did my princess  adult swim time (anime)
ID	3	@jennettemccurdy WILL DO!! (of will did?? lol ) great episode
ID	3	@iamdakota oh cool you're gonna be in van ? thats cool i live in victoria. well ur pree awesome girl
ID	3	@karlixpaz Hmm... it's a miracle you're using twitter, and it's fun... so... Tweet!
ID	3	@simonelrp: Potter, are also in that category! Hehe. &lt;3 I love you too!!! So much
ID	3	@anyamarina that was funny! LOVED IT! I almost fell for it. Haha
ID	3	Happy Mom`s day to your moms !
ID	4	@FlyAArmy @aduvall818 @FlyingPhotog @FoxWhisperer - brief interruption- brb. goodnight if i don't catch u again later. gotta ck something
ID	3	Rescued two adorable pit mix pups today.  LC and Brody.  Looking to adopt?  E-mail me for more info and pics!
ID	3	@flomingo that sounds cool! post video!!
ID	3	@AlohaZen do u hav a garden? bunny probs r decidedly uncool.   thanks 4d link!
ID	3	So much news on more Android based devices - especially on T-Mobile. I'm all giddy and can't wait  (starts saving up) #android #tmobile
ID	3	Happy Mothers day to all the grown n happy &amp; the lil prego smuts lol Just Playing everyone is loved.. happy Mothers Day &amp; God Bless
ID	2	i love twitter
ID	3	Love ice cream... Love cake... Cookies and cream ice cream cake tops them both
ID	3	juss dropped the wife off I love her so
ID	3	@Warmnfuzzy Re-direct that energy into creating men's jewelry.    And frequent walks too.
ID	4	@_peanut_ Thank you. Now we'll just have to see how long it takes me to finish the damn thing.
ID	3	@djskee not there but wish I were
ID	2	@dorzki good morning  good luck! Belive in you
ID	4	@Sparkin1 sorry I missed you at the farm today, but DM me if you would like some photos from today
ID	3	@mahnameisjerik0 THANK YOU
ID	0	@dearsnippie  I never followed him in the first  place!   He is a useless waste of space. and Im not a conservative! LOL
ID	1	@dearsnippie  I never followed him in the first  place!   He is a useless waste of space. and Im not a conservative! LOL
ID	3	@stellery Thanks!  Got tired of bleaching it. The, um, bangs there... yeah they are actually a bit purple &gt;_&gt; oopsie.
ID	0	@Tori_Thompson u may need this pill...i think u are crazy...here take on of mine
ID	1	@Tori_Thompson u may need this pill...i think u are crazy...here take on of mine
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
ID	3	Subway always tastes better when some-one else pays for it  http://tinyurl.com/re5s5h
ID	3	@teiisha aw thas good im glad your happy  i jus been chillin
ID	2	@invalid_reality damn, you're gonna feel that tomorrow, or tonight. Coffee = laxative.  How's the writing coming?
ID	3	Happy mother`s day to your moms !
ID	3	@RashadHouston @DreamWorthy I love your tweets... Your sweet
ID	3	writing a song
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight Thank you Jon!  That's very sweet.
ID	3	@Nora_78 Elaine's my online mommy too. She gives good advice.
ID	3	I am back from the best party ever
ID	3	@promisetangeman you are such a beautiful bride! you're gonna love the married life. it absolutely rocks! congrats to you both.
ID	3	says: &quot;Happy Mothers Day!&quot;
ID	2	My sister graduated today  it was amazing and super emotional. Wow ...
ID	3	@alterna180 i sorry sweetpea... almost over with!
ID	3	Sunday morning
ID	3	happy mother's day!
ID	3	on my way home from ny...then sleeping
ID	2	@ShannonKuhns Nah, they don't. All my Twiter followers are fabulous.
ID	3	@AKGovSarahPalin would love a slice of summer from Piper's lemonade stand! do you think i could have a jump on her trampoline too?
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wh0l - im in love wit this fool from college hill
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wh0o - My mommys gummy mothers day posterrr!
ID	3	just got home from the City Lights show  yeahhh!
ID	3	Didn't meet Rosie O Donnell but it was still a fun night
ID	3	@littlewhip Soooooooooo win the PowerBall jackpot then impose your formidable will upon the weather
ID	3	@AndrewAesthetic  just wanted to say that I &lt;3 ur music(both the scene aesthetic n Danger Radio) Hopefully i will get to see u guys 1 day
ID	3	Incase I forget, Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there, and to my mommy. The very best one in the world
ID	3	@ConcreteLoop @RapUp @itsmeAmerie Hey everyone! I just mixed the first single....!  &quot;Why R U&quot; ...I'm sooo excited!
ID	3	@david_henrie i would still rather be in your shoes instead in bed bc i work from 10-9 tommorow. i love cold weather.
ID	3	Yup, I'm pretty sure summer could not have started off any better than the one this year
ID	3	@ninjen Really enjoying Drown in My Own Tears
ID	3	Btw; happy mothers day! This week its all about my momma; mothersday dinnner-birthday dinner-surprise bday party
ID	2	About to leave the fights. I'm tired and my voice hurts.
ID	4	@danielradcliffe snitchsneeker photos were cool -but, dang, what's up with all the comments about your chest hair - that's just creepy
ID	2	Halla Miss Haloom  .. how are you dear? am doing fine so far but .. eeem worrying about rationale project.. Allah eyaseer inshallah
ID	3	wants @jubliantJO to come back online so that he can talk about all the gossip and horrible things which transpired today.
ID	2	@djStunz HAHAHAHAHAHHAAAA god Randy, I miss you!  hope you're having a great time buddy! catch a wave for me
ID	3	@SEPIS haha...it the booomb
ID	3	@langfordperry by the way, just saw u on ellen yesterday. here it's late comparing to usa. u were awesome!!!
ID	3	happy mother's day to the best mommy in the world
ID	2	@da_gurl_cece what up?
ID	4	@agentwill I didn't want to tell you but I think it's your body odour
ID	2	I have a tummy ache. Buy me this - http://tinyurl.com/pavh76 and I'll feel better.
ID	3	Loving my boys
ID	3	Had an awesome pedicure today!!
ID	3	Going to the alley tonite..Happy Birthday prima
ID	3	@MrCartersNurse  congratulations for your mom for tomorrow ! buenas noches
ID	3	@DawnRichard Let's go!
ID	3	@HeatherNKOTBFan Knight...sweet dreams.
ID	3	@xVOJOx It's kind of like learning as you go...the blog thing, and Twitter, too!
ID	3	@angelbear7 Getting back online, now. Just shifting locations!
ID	3	just got out of the pool!!   so fun..now gonna watch tv and do stuff on the computer. (:
ID	3	@sapphire_05 I know booskie. HE is everywhere I am. &amp; U too. Thank u for the reassurance! I love u.
ID	3	Happy mama's day to all the mamas.
ID	3	@beccamorte Oooh, neat!  Yes, SF has such good food.  Again, so jealous of all you SF people.
ID	2	@shaundiviney best movie ever
ID	3	wo coffiees to go pleaz!!
ID	3	@krissychau ditto.  love the friggin song!
ID	3	btw. ear is getting better! its about time! finally - i say goodnight twitter world, (even though y'all are already asleep). xoxo
ID	3	Congratulation's to phil packer on completing the london marathon  x a shining example to us all x
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day, Mama! You're always in my heart!
ID	3	@AllanGoesDMB I listen to it alot at work.  Damn good show!
ID	3	finally got my own set of keys for the store. how should i celebrate?
ID	3	@iamjonathancook you are adorable
ID	4	tired and didn't really have an exciting Saturday.  oh well, hope it's better tomorrow.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day.. To All The MommiiEs Owt Theaa... &amp; ii Think ii Got Thaa Hang Of ThiiS ThiiNg.. Yay!!!
ID	3	live long and prosper !  lol star trek was the best!
ID	3	&quot;Never give up on something you can't go a day without thinking about.&quot; I like that quote.
ID	2	Just saw G.O.D perform I love you I thank you by MC Mong.
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4whaf Tonight's art show was a success.
ID	4	@Syreeta306 girl u sit ya double decker neck ass DOWN and talk about ppl who are on ur LEVEL and not above
ID	3	happy happy joy joy    is that good enough for you
ID	3	TIRED! goodnight twitter  its mother's day  happy mother's day  lov my moomy &lt;3 yayy! God Bless.
ID	3	@Linds56 You may be PC but I love you anyway!!!  Maybe someday you too will become Mac!
ID	3	is wishing good night everybody
ID	3	Birthday was awesome!On video:my daughter opening last gift screaming in joy, &quot;My  Birthday Wish Came True !!&quot;couldn't have been better.
ID	3	And ... Happy Mother's Day to all Moms   You sure are the ? heart of mankind.
ID	3	migraine and leg pain and woe ): should go to bed but it is 2 flights of stairs away. Happy mother's day
ID	3	Trying to get drunk at alexandre's! I love this place!!! Awesome cheap drinks! And awesome people!
ID	3	@TinaS71 It was fun meeting you too Tina!  We'll definitely do it again soon.
ID	3	wayyyyyy full. love you mum
ID	3	feeling nice... got a big ass smile on my face for no reason  @mralister take my ass to sleep right? lol
ID	3	Goodnight. Actually, great night. Seeing Daniel tomorrow!
ID	3	It seems my grandmother has found a way to break a pipe in her house, going to go there now and fix it, she is such a blur woman
ID	4	@abbey_marie Stick with me kidd...you'll be alright (there's a whole sketchy world out there waiting to be taken advantage of
ID	3	@Jesse_Attack thanks dude!
ID	3	I miss @lavren cant wait until June for HIL HANGZ~ Tonight was sososo good
ID	2	@SassySpider follow me too
ID	3	I forgot I set my iTunes to display by play count last night. I didn't understand why Taylor Swift was in front of Belinda. Haha.
ID	3	Roommate gone. All of Moyer away at the Ball. I'm definitely going to be naked for the next 11 hours
ID	3	@judez_xo i love you too  how are you? X
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHER`S DAY!
ID	3	im very much excited to go back to school
ID	3	happy motherss dayyyy  so my sister decided to make lunch...hmph. but i decorated the house !  andd then i danced and sang hahaa
ID	3	Happy mother's Day!!!! No gift to your mother can ever equal her gift to you - life
ID	3	@AlexAllTimeLow Happy Mother's Day hahaha
ID	3	@JohnLloydTaylor aw.  I'm glad you do. Where would we be with out one?
ID	3	I'm not going to lie, I'm loving the Ace of Cakes  wooop! LOST!
ID	3	Just finished watching the last of Star Wars
ID	2	@henrytweet good luck with the pump!
ID	3	Ahh im in love.  hes theeee best.
ID	3	happpppy mothers day
ID	0	Just cleaned mii scrolly ball!
ID	1	Just cleaned mii scrolly ball!
ID	4	@JonathanRKnight Going so soon? I was hoping to hear late nite humor from you....
ID	2	@denverflyhigh Man it will be a sweep no worries
ID	2	Soooo high
ID	3	@AClockworkToad awww! thats sweet TTT!  Im sure she will love it! your a good son!
ID	3	finally, holiday.
ID	3	@dbgrady lol that was a great movie
ID	3	Time for me to go to sleep! It's almost 1am. Night everyone! Happy mothers day to all the moms out there
ID	2	@UncleRUSH Hope you get better. I know you will have the best medical attention. if not let me know, I will be right over
ID	3	@marjicurran1 Looking forward to your gig in Ireland!!!  See ya there!
ID	3	@imsomiami86 i been coolin and shit ya know me
ID	3	@hannahmitrovich I'm glad  you def needed a pick me up!  drama free!
ID	3	@hokutokonishi which means you're just going to have to come back to vancouver and have it our way! hahah
ID	3	@ByDezin: G'night twitterverse, much twitter luv to you all  ? http://blip.fm/~5yvnd
ID	3	@sweetdreamer hah i'ma knock on wood but my PC has never crashed yet..nor my laptop  but then i'm careful with stuff so maybe that's y
ID	2	Packing up and leaving inlaws house heading home sweet home... Had a nice weekend and back to work in a few hours
ID	3	@rachamin well thank your phone for me.
ID	3	@EMarketingGuru Thanks. Appreciate it.
ID	4	@AubreyODay aw. wasn't it sad?! give ginger a little pat on the head for me!  mwah!
ID	3	going to sleep. big beach day tommorow. love you guys. nite.
ID	4	@okibi Ah.  I just found it weird because it's my screen name  Name of war and all that jazz
ID	3	(cont) when @justben told him that I love beans on toast. SO CUTE!
ID	3	Home from Chelsea's  Jam sessions = &lt;3 = Chelsea + Abby = I luh you.
ID	3	o/*\o (high five) to all of our fans! It's finally here! I'll write up a fancy news post shortly, wanted to get the mod itself out ASAP
ID	3	Great dinner and great friends! Follow @kristaeccleston! She is my cupcake
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day mom
ID	3	@jholden23 we'll test that theory  with no right arm to strum with.  Got a feelin I'll be humming my new tunes for a while
ID	3	@dtatusko thx. will do.  you always make me chatty! night!
ID	3	@SerendipityJane I'll check it out!  Thanks  and good luck with your book!    Bella
ID	3	happy mother's day mothers.
ID	3	@TXP2 hi there, nice to meet you
ID	3	@iamoph i just want you to know, im still here for you. whover,whatever makes you happy, thats all i want for my sister
ID	3	Great meeting...lunch on the patio in the sunshine...nothing more perfect  busy day...time for bed, ahhhhh
ID	2	At Bidor with @cincauhangus eating Wantan mee n drinkin Cham Ping.
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMMYS EXSPECIALLY MINE  LOVE YOU MOMMY
ID	3	Had the super massive sandwich mom made last night,Ohh. It was yummy.. Btw, Happy Mother's Day mom!!
ID	2	uploading new videos on youuuchuuub!
ID	3	Dinner was fun, sat next to this cute old couple  made me believe in love again.
ID	3	@DCMA_MEXICO Hey hey. No problem.
ID	3	@xennyeh Sure, I'll be in chat in a sec   Here's the thread http://tinyurl.com/ojcf5l
ID	3	@shananaomi yippee, darling girls. Love you sooooo much  and so thrilled you found each other!
ID	4	@robincareyyo ...you are kickable.
ID	2	2 hours 3 mins left.....THE PRESSURE!!!! We need to hurry  #48hours
ID	3	@jaztwitta ily babe. Sweet dreams.
ID	3	@shaundiviney Sweeny Todd is an awesome movie, the best
ID	3	yess! talking 2 a hott guy!  happy ass fuk!
ID	3	@sydeni_f_babei best two seconds of the movie
ID	3	chai tea then sleeeeeeep. lunch with the family tomorrow
ID	3	@RobPattinson_  I just want to tell you that you guys are amazing, thanks for Twilight. I can't wait until New Moon comes out. Melissa
ID	3	@LeonceN I have it.  Hehehehe u want the torrent?
ID	0	&quot;you think yo shit don't smell? but you are mrs. P-u&quot; Lil Wayne sounds the same in ALL his songs
ID	1	&quot;you think yo shit don't smell? but you are mrs. P-u&quot; Lil Wayne sounds the same in ALL his songs
ID	3	Thank you guts for 360 followers! It means a lot!
ID	0	@whit3boy nah will didn't tell diego so we at some donminican spot getting fucked up
ID	1	@whit3boy nah will didn't tell diego so we at some donminican spot getting fucked up
ID	3	@Ginchan: AWW! Thank you honey.. Didja get mommy a daddy?
ID	3	@StreetPaparazzi  whenever you are mama!  Let's do it
ID	3	@RonDance **Jaw Drops** **Gasp** Whatever do u mean? I'm as sweet as pie  Allow me to re-introduce myself, I'm Coach &amp; I'm a Cancer &amp; u?
ID	2	@JoeyyJ thats cool. My mom is a teacher in Burbank so we're always like right there. XP ahww i wanna go to the Bahamas!
ID	3	Taco Bell With The Tramp!Yesssssir
ID	2	@jmstewart0220 I know!!  It was great!!
ID	3	Im glad i can make sumone smile
ID	3	hanging with amber.
ID	3	@limegreenman That be it, my Nathan sense was tingling.
ID	3	@lovejones83 haha LOL  no one is effing cool as you, you got the Wu-Tang and P.E. t-shirts! You are gorgeous + represent at the same time
ID	4	@adriandanganan CLAY AIKEN? GET ME AN AUTOGRAPH!
ID	3	@JanisJ1212 haven't laughed that much in awhile
ID	3	about to drink a hot chocolate  yummy.
ID	2	@nadyogaga yes2 bgt! if everything goes well i'll catch their reunion concert
ID	3	@dearsarah420 well you can  lol
ID	3	things are looking better and better! i think i might be quite happy
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!!!!
ID	3	Just had some delicious sushi from niko niko on vermont and hollywood  mm
ID	2	@katekintail Better than nodding off when you're &quot;IN&quot; one  LOL
ID	3	aww happy mother's day
ID	3	tomorrow is mothers day. so good food &amp; presents for mom. good to be back &amp; go to the junction with the coolest people at ollies
ID	2	Looks like I have a couple hours of software updates to install on the brand-new machine... feels just like Windows
ID	2	Happy mothers day!
ID	3	@Rick_Tarrant nice! It's mommas day
ID	2	@lightbrightly haha, dork  was it good, then?
ID	3	@Andrew_FP Awh shoot. Make a detour and come to PR  forget Indiana haha
ID	2	@Nololos yeah  just told Stanley its the only time I want to slap girls icky bitches encoraging bad behavior
ID	0	Tryin to figure all this out!! LOL
ID	1	Tryin to figure all this out!! LOL
ID	3	Throwin' down in the kitchen like I do  making Rah's illi Chili and Shalonda's Bangin Cake
ID	3	@erinnn_43 HAHHAHAH that really made me laugh out loudd! ahahahahahahahahah your fuunny!!
ID	2	@jphauk huh what the fuck? Smelly? Noooo. I love alex Vixon
ID	3	@Boomstone Thanks and Cheers back at you.
ID	3	overall, tonight's snl = epic win.
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to my Mom, and every Mom everywhere.  Off for a stroll at the Beaches later--hopefully...
ID	3	@MatthewHass008 Love that she couldn't just stop with one picture! First one is priceless, but the speedo is great, too.  Kudos to mom.
ID	3	just had a great dinner with my wonderful girlfriend.
ID	0	@Ms_GiiGgl3z lmao ight im dun wit the faces lmao id rather see urs tho  lol
ID	1	@Ms_GiiGgl3z lmao ight im dun wit the faces lmao id rather see urs tho  lol
ID	3	@miizronnie lol nice  I loved that concert! Aha u gonna post these pics
ID	3	@Mingo123 SUFFICATION NO BREATHING. It's okay. There'll be more. You're invited to mine, but I can't promise fun times.  *Jinx
ID	3	@dollg1974 thank you!
ID	2	Wal mart
ID	3	@bellesouth Thanks!  Your name strikes me every time I see it, as a friend of mine uses belofsouthie as her email
ID	3	@oschmid14 How cool is that!   Thank you so much!   luv it!
ID	4	Aww okayy we'll tell you about it tomorrow then
ID	3	@ktique so see you on my birthday visit me  haha why wack Saturday ?
ID	3	I've got Isabel now to get some food!
ID	3	@JohnLloydTaylor I love mine, too . happy mothers day to your mom , John Taylor  . much love to you, too .
ID	3	Happy Mother's day! Going to cook something, thank goodness there's tablespotting
ID	3	WOW Panic at the disco en Abbey Road
ID	3	Playing with my puppy
ID	3	I love my Boogah! Can anyone contain Lebron James?  Talk about so sick
ID	3	Tribal Cafe.  Watermelon slush.  Natalie singing.  Ashley&quot;s birthday.  Love all around
ID	3	@TimJackson LOL I can imagine you doing that. Ken said to let you know he agreed with a gazillion percent of what was being said.
ID	3	just got out of prom, it was fun  off too after prom text me
ID	3	can't wait to watch the next season of heroes
ID	3	@ETHI_O_ASH I do too plus more happy mothers day Sweety
ID	2	Trying to look up Iowa State Fair Art entry information. Hope to get a piece in this year and maybe win something or get noticed.
ID	3	I'm sending a Happy Mama's Day shout to the greatest Twit-mama ever to @NikkiWoods... U kick ass, all day - everyday! Lovely sons!!
ID	2	@biancamichellee haha kk tell me when u remember
ID	3	@LadyKadi Happy Mother's Day, Kadi!!
ID	3	@olsonbd80 loved it! Thanks for taking care of me
ID	3	I want cookies for breakfast! Luckily I'm an adult and can do that!
ID	4	@arundo_donax ISN'T PUPPY FREAKING ADORABLE!? I didn't want to let her go. FUZZYPUPPY.
ID	3	sitting here with Nathan, Eddie &amp; Brenden chilling out at 1 AM, haha great day, I love my life!
ID	3	&quot;i hear its wonderful in california.&quot;
ID	3	&quot;I want you in my mouth and my butthole b!tch&quot; mm jeffree rawks
ID	2	sad that borders did not have guerrilla gardening book but otherwise a most lovely relaxing day
ID	3	@bradiewebbstack well then happy mothers day  ahahahahahaha
ID	3	@urban_asher better.  That wasn't one of my better summaries
ID	2	Happy 11th  I'm going to sleep now lolz
ID	3	@davjr  i love you mooorrreeee
ID	3	@jimmyfallon you &amp; justin were really funny tonight on SNL!
ID	4	Apple FAIL. If you set up a new British Mac, the dashboard weather widget is for London, Canada, not the UK one  (Hard to tell too!)
ID	3	Enjoyed Star Trek... More please
ID	3	LOL OMG @MissKeriBaby replied back to me out of all ppl!! THX
ID	4	@dredpiraterob poor thing. come watch tv at my house  lol
ID	3	lol! woow okay its not that big of a deal
ID	3	happy mother's day everyone
ID	3	Anthony's pretty wicked too.
ID	3	@jimmyfallon Saw you on SNL with your diploma..Congrats. You must be overjoyed.   Now I am finally going to bed..NITE
ID	3	@peninasharon ty 4 the retweet!
ID	3	Tired as hell...long ass weekend so far, chillin wit mi madre 2moro
ID	3	Cleaning my roooooooooom, about to continue playing with my DSI
ID	3	@kindlejunkie Hey! I need that book to go with my Amy Sedaris.  @cheesivore is finishing it now, you say? ;)
ID	3	yeah.... and im gonna take ur picture off my ipod baby..
ID	3	Everyone At My Place Tomorrow  Bonfire, Tofu Dogs, And Austin Powers.
ID	2	gooooonight twitter...... i hope im better tomorrow
ID	3	@laurenmontonen I DIDDDD. I MET THEM AGAIN
ID	2	What does &quot;drink responsibly&quot; mean to you? Please share a tip (or two if you're drunk right now  )
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day Mama bear
ID	3	Finally able to get Flight Control for my Ipod. Best game app! 123  Damn choppers lol
ID	3	@ztnewetnorb yes yes yes lotsa fun  i cant wait. dont like make up with shaun too much in front of me tho cos ill get awkard haha
ID	4	@TheSpencerSmith hush...stop teasing
ID	3	@rooeh I recommended .net, I guess since they bought something from you they featured you. Hopefully it brings in more business
ID	2	@DurbinDigital LOL, yeah I do it cuz it just seems that way sometimes don't it
ID	3	P9 for Danica and your team... Not a end of the world, now is just hopes for a great race
ID	3	I think its cute my mom still waits up for me when I go out eventhoough I've spent 2 yrs out of the house. &lt;3 my mama
ID	0	Ugh i hate photobucket! an amazing place to edit pictures is: www.picnik.com  i use it alll the time.
ID	1	Ugh i hate photobucket! an amazing place to edit pictures is: www.picnik.com  i use it alll the time.
ID	3	Waiting for the Black Eyed Peas to go up!!!! We got backstage passes thanks @sammysamla thanks again hun!
ID	3	Just watched Star Trek. A+! That was so well done. I think I'm down to see it again. Who wants to join me?
ID	3	kill bill pt 2 .....I love em both wish they wold make like three more
ID	3	@dmaul53854 yus! :3 he was really nice
ID	4	about to hit the sheets.
ID	4	listening to the new demo! This song is going to be fantastic once its done!
ID	3	@tarynromanowich I understand  Computers are fun again!
ID	3	Home. Tired. Phone then bed.   Good night tweeters, happy mothers day!
ID	3	Off to bed - I have a hot date with Sudoku and maybe a chapter or two reading if I can stay awake that long. Have a great night tweeps!
ID	3	tonight was hilariouss  i loveeee everyone that was theree
ID	3	@TaraPants Road trip to Cincy to the limb store!!!!
ID	3	having coffee with bread. peanut butter today!
ID	3	@WordyDirts Thanks  your my first lol
ID	3	@Vengenz1 It was a lovely attempt at poetry!
ID	4	09/09 +full moon+ my lovely friends and family= my b-day wish came true;)&lt;3 In addition,gray matters is one of the cutest movies ever!!
ID	3	@propa_gandhi awww, thanks, Brad. hahaha that actually made me laugh out loud    LBD.
ID	3	Sunday my last day at apple but I won't be in. Come kick it with me at El FAROLITO 4817 mission street @ 730pm
ID	2	@PlumpPeaches I'm glad you're little Prissy is doing well. It's obvious how much you love her w/the treatment she's getting
ID	3	watching greys anatomy and just about to take blueberry muffins out of the oven mmm yummy  finished geoggers study notes yay!!
ID	3	@MelissaSuzanne ha I think I got like two hours of sleep last night and I have an early start tomorrow, so chillin and sleep is needed!
ID	3	loving phuket with melai and badette. i'll be coming home soon  imiss everyone
ID	3	will be doing all the chores just for her mama
ID	0	I dont care who gets mad. I like speaking my mind. Im alreadt crazy so it helps me not go off da deep edge! Fuck u!
ID	1	I dont care who gets mad. I like speaking my mind. Im alreadt crazy so it helps me not go off da deep edge! Fuck u!
ID	2	final one, over. only one more and two pages of an essay left
ID	2	There's a 1,000 you's... there's only 1 of me...
ID	3	@WeTheTRAVIS goodnight lovely
ID	3	@MariahCarey thanks you soo much i need this day for these five kids lol
ID	3	wow, so x-men was pretty much amazing. i love wolverine.
ID	3	ok.  i got my nails done to day an the are sweet.
ID	3	Awake, man, i need to go to sleep, i gots to wake up early for church tomorow.
ID	3	@Jaimie_tv LOL no girl I'm only 17! Too young for college! But yay congrats to us  where does downtown graduate at?
ID	3	Gave my dog a bath &amp; and then jumped in the mud - gotta love it!
ID	3	@Djsparkx lmao yeaa iight n u shuld put tha c.b flick up w. Panties on ur head .. juss a joke
ID	3	LOVED AP Tour in Columbus, OH last night! I'm still exhausted! Goin to bed now so sweet dreams!! gnight!!
ID	3	perkinz..  idk wat after dat tho. maybe sum SEX. lol
ID	3	@MeredthSalenger Ur so cute..I'm a fan of Dream A Little Dream, This Kiss and appearances like in Dawson's Creek  Make more flicks!
ID	2	- had a great time at the 'block party' - so did mackenzie
ID	3	P9 for Danica and your team... Not the end of the world, now is just hopes for a great race
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wi9p - playing with ethan. i love you baby
ID	2	@MichelleMontana lol..well..no. I've had insomnia since I was 23 :-/ &amp; since then dont sleep a lot of hours, but the ones I do are great!
ID	2	My dad's drunk off his ass. Today was successful.
ID	3	Rey Mysterio is so awesome
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing women who put up with us crazy, demanding children. Thank you.  Very very much.
ID	3	@princessdeleon AWESOME! It feels very fulfilling, doesn't it?  I'm gonna work on SOOOO many people over the summer! Totally excited!
ID	3	just woke up, having coffee, listening to Music, reading RSS...Sunday feels great
ID	2	Yep, this is about as &quot;boonies&quot; as it gets, if you look at the map   In transition. Gotta find a place and a job. - http://bkite.com/07kjR
ID	0	@mimicariad Socksy's just plucky and independent to Caspar's lazy and attention seeking
ID	1	@mimicariad Socksy's just plucky and independent to Caspar's lazy and attention seeking
ID	3	just had an awesome Girl Scout Day at Dodger stadium with two awesome olympic athletes Joanna Hayes and Heather Bown!  And we won!
ID	3	@claudiaintouch Yeah! I want it too. I love that &quot;Falling Slowly&quot; song. It keeps playing in my head.
ID	4	this is how we do itttt
ID	3	happy mother's day!
ID	3	@rickyhorror but I don't want to hurt you
ID	3	beach...yummy steak and catching up on 'lost' with my man...lovely day
ID	3	When I start cloggin up my own Twitter feed, it's time for me to go to bed.. Nighty night. Be sure to go to the TweetUp and meet ME!
ID	3	@CiaoBella50 Evening! How are you this Sat night?
ID	3	@shoshanabean im following because of @conorclancy  yaaaaaay conor!
ID	0	a bedtime story pls....
ID	1	a bedtime story pls....
ID	3	Mom is wearing shrug I bought her 2morrow...I can't wait 2 c her n it..cute
ID	3	I love my memories. It's almost like re-reading my favourite book all over again
ID	3	@meesabythewater thank you so much
ID	3	@LindzluvsNKOTB I'm not going on the cruise. Wish I was, but I'm just going on vacation. Thanks though
ID	3	@positron76 cant fuckin wait mate!!! it is goin to fantastic. its made my week
ID	3	be sure to tell your Mom you love her and thank her for putting up with you!
ID	2	@lightgood thank you  You too! I hope this turns out to be a top week for you.
ID	3	Come on Vancouver. Throwing stuff onto the ice? I thought you Canucks were supposed to be all polite and stuff?
ID	3	@thewildjoker I selected 4 people today out of my list. Out of 300 or so I picked the 4 that made me laugh!
ID	3	making margaritas and about to watch Milk. Good times
ID	3	Just downloaded music for over an hour.  Love when that happens
ID	3	@ahecht25 Thanks Amy!  That video is so awesome!  Did you see TMH?  He's amazing in that too!! Bouncy Bouncy Bouncy!!!
ID	3	to overcome whatever darts the enemy may try and stop you with. We've gotta stay focused tweetz!  God bless you.
ID	2	im gettin off nd watch a movie nd have a couple of drinks nd shots   ill try 2 get get back on if i can
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight het there r u finished cleaning your pond? u shouldn't stay too long u will get all wrinkled up!! kidding
ID	4	Soo Tired. My head hurts. I Love Andy sooooo much!
ID	3	Just ordered henna! I'll be a redhead again in a few weeks.
ID	3	About to watch the Star Trek movie
ID	3	off to bed, I will have pics of the newly finished hat in the afternoon! yea its all done  Night yall!
ID	3	was busy talking with mom and bhabhi.. they liked the cards bro and me made for them  now waiting for sis to get back from Church..
ID	3	@Dog_EaredPages Yay!  I can't wait to come in the bookstore and gets some new books
ID	3	Happy mothers day!
ID	3	X-men movie was pretty good. Kinda predictable @ points but good action sequences
ID	3	@em1234 hahhaha indeed  kinda like the spoon... hahaha
ID	3	@johncmayer That widewale courduroy'll get ya everytime!
ID	3	is drinking. Yay!
ID	3	Landon now announces, &quot;Big poopy coming!&quot; every time. I'm just waiting for him to yell that in a store for the first time
ID	4	@imfunsizee and jarita i'm going home now and i'm with two hot guys  drool.
ID	3	Just have to say again how much I like the new twitteriffic
ID	3	@SouthPhilly_Mel thanks that was nice of u and I appreciate u
ID	3	Ah! Just remembered some (hopefully good) news is coming (hopefully soon) from someone I know... once again may the *happydance* commence
ID	3	I Love All Time Low
ID	3	i look like a horse in my sam's club card picture because i couldn't find my hair brush. hahaha possibly getting noah tomorrow
ID	3	I truly praise God for my mom-the greatest mother in the world  Happy mother's day to all of the mothers reading this. Enjoy your day!
ID	2	hanging out with Dan and Brian in my room for my last night
ID	0	finished!  took me about two hours, but i got a &quot;B&quot; on it
ID	1	finished!  took me about two hours, but i got a &quot;B&quot; on it
ID	3	HaPPy Mothers Day!!!
ID	3	@NightShade10 Wooops! Meant I agree with Boomstone..trying 2 reply 2 both, LOL. Happy Mothers Day to you as well!  TTY soon!
ID	3	Watching the Twins handle the Mariners again!! Whoo-hoo!!!  Tony http://www.trustyfotografie.com
ID	2	@findingurstyle lol it's funny but it's not the back... it's all in the legs ;) and I've never hurt my back! Thank God!  Thanks 4 watchin!
ID	3	Ugh what an amazing night. Time for bed! I know i'm gonna sleep well. And with no getting up early!  good night!
ID	3	@islandidea We knew what what you meant!
ID	3	@AClockworkToad yw, it gets really hot there in the middle of the summer like 110+ but right now its perfect! and less then an hour away.
ID	3	@tamamic - Definitely following @TorontoStarMaps - I've been &quot;following&quot; the creator of this feature since 2005!
ID	3	@QueenofSpain Good night Erin!  i wouldn't say that this is early or that you are old.
ID	2	if tonight was anything like summer i cant wait
ID	3	good times haha ily christian and mo  gonna watch dazed and confused in a while ha also my first time watching it ha im so lame
ID	3	@facit Hahaha. No, I haven't. I think I'll reserve it for next weekend. Have some paperwork to do. Or maybe tonight!
ID	3	that was reallly good
ID	3	Spending QT with the hubby
ID	3	haha so bored...but happy mothers day!
ID	3	@MrPresident92 I was just about to put in &quot;@&quot; and then my username.. Wow.
ID	2	only got 22.90 in tips last night.. (N) but he earned bulk money anywho
ID	2	OK its official I&quot;M OLD! at least I feel likewise OLD &amp; TIREDD &amp; WASTED!!
ID	3	Writing Mother's Day cards for my mom and gran...  hurray!
ID	3	Going to bed! Happy mother's day for every mom here!
ID	3	@Buchautor thanks for the follow friday
ID	3	@David_Henrie you are amazingg. replyy! it's a dream come true if you would reply to me
ID	3	@ashleynewcomb Oh yeah, lots of rambly goodness. LOL You have mail.  Bed? This is early for me. ;) Probably why I'm an insomniac, huh?
ID	3	@laurenconrad http://twitpic.com/4wh4d - LAUREN is AMAZING....well from what I see on the hills lol  Seem like a great friend to have!!
ID	3	Such a good little Saturday. Didn't include Bed Bath and Beyond, but Borders was on the list. Can't wait for tomorrow. Good day planned
ID	3	@tabbycat224 yay!
ID	3	Playing cards with my niece.
ID	3	we finally hit 1,000 friends! thanks!
ID	3	hey chelsee its amiera!   &lt;ufc&gt;
ID	3	Happy mothers day mom!!!  i love you.
ID	3	praying the rosary with my family!
ID	3	watching &quot;Look for a Star&quot; with mom again  lub ah C hehe
ID	3	@VancityAllie they shall win
ID	3	how r u feeling? and when r u guys coming back to canad?... come to vancouver!
ID	3	Hanging with kevin tomorrow!  out goes being productive.
ID	3	In weho! They're are playing a lot of brit
ID	3	@artistiquemeg wooohooo! I'm fourth row back
ID	3	I'm Having a Baby Girl! (In the next 17 Days!) I think I'm gonna keep this handy  http://budurl.com/f9p5 Funny Stuff!
ID	2	@andycane wow.... really?!? is this necessary??
ID	3	Awesome  I saw it thursday night. It is so great. 100% perfect casting.
ID	3	Watching Twilight again  !!! &lt;3 I'm watching the Audio Commentary, it's sooo funny ;)
ID	3	writing out mother's day cards to mom, aunts, and AMYYYY can't wait for her to be a mommy
ID	3	i want to sleep XD !!!! but i have a song in my head that make me crazy and dont know if i write the song or not hahhaha
ID	3	@Jasonniu thanks!!  my friends and I went and watched movies and ate chocolate chip pancakes at one of my friends' house. it was fabulous!
ID	3	Is having awesome fruits and vegetable juice at the opening of Lam's noodles at 8@tradehub21  http://tinyurl.com/r65c68
ID	4	OMG, time to sleep, today was an horror, i really hope best weekends *---*..Goodnight buddies
ID	3	I promised to update my twitter every now and then. LOL Greet your mom by simply saying YOUR HOT
ID	2	@kimberley_ thats coz we love you
ID	3	@MollyMazy aww!  happy mother's day to you too girlie! kingston is lucky to have such a great mommy!
ID	3	I love all my friends  @christickell @micahdwhitehead @johndavidwright @vivianleighturn and drew were fun tonight
ID	3	just finishing studying for LSATs and watching VH1 Soul
ID	3	Celebrated 18,000 plays on Last.fm with Dez Moines by #tdwp http://bit.ly/GWUHX
ID	3	This is cool!
ID	4	OFFICIALLY booked for seattle with @cfine1 and @ebotkin12 it's going to be THE best birthday weekend EVER!  @bradlawrence :you made me sad
ID	3	Friends are gone. Sushi, movies, laughter. Just what I needed. FUN!
ID	3	Still love &quot;The Sizzler&quot; though...and Chuck NIce. And Doug Benson. And Paul Scheer. And Nick Kroll.  Love me some geeks
ID	3	If I'm up with Brooklyn when I'm suppose to sleep in...I'll call you  @ LadyBug602
ID	4	I &lt;3 Rupert Grint......&amp; of the boy, Ive accepted tht I do fancy him  But im certain he doesnt feel the same so its not worth telling him
ID	3	@kathyIreland Hugs 4 kathy. Though my mom's in heaven, I know she's smiling at my accomplishments &amp; all the people who keep me positive.
ID	2	nope, san leandro marina.    how are you?  hope you're well!
ID	3	I received some excellent birthday presents!  Party was the usual success.
ID	3	@glammyts happy mum's day to ur mom  say you're from the philippines too?
ID	3	First Happy Mothers Day  Second what is it that makes us think the way we do? Why do we feel the way we feel? I dont know but i wish i did
ID	3	@DeLaSelis no... But I met a new graphic design friend, so that was dooope!!!
ID	3	@scalzi Happy frickin' birthday!  Try not to be too bitter about sharing your day with your lovely wife and all other mothers out there.
ID	2	Happy mother's day to all mothers here!
ID	2	@lexjosephine I heard about your reply! im so jealous! kevin is my favorite! haha
ID	3	I have the immense pleasure of being entertained by Pride &amp; Prejudice for the 3rd time and I must say that I find it very much agreeable
ID	3	{cont} that right their is why fake btches shouldnt mess with Real ones... ahhh I love it Real btches excite me
ID	3	@laurenconrad http://twitpic.com/4wh4d - so cute ii love this
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day all!  Hugs and love, Zoe
ID	2	@SusanRaymond thanks for the ok ...hope we can tweet more down the road
ID	3	Here come the Hawks, the mighty Blackhawks!!
ID	2	Omg Wango Tango was fucking AWSOME! I love my baby for taking me
ID	2	@BLaCkitaLiaNa7 ay uuuu  happy mothers day
ID	0	@KelsyC That just doesn't sound appetizing.
ID	1	@KelsyC That just doesn't sound appetizing.
ID	4	@LaurenBakarian: i miss you
ID	3	@bsaeed it was nice to meet you tonight &amp; thanks!!
ID	3	@angelemotion yayyy for new videos by amazing people
ID	3	@EADave HEY HEY ready to come to oklahoma?
ID	3	@camikaos pheasant dreams, kaotic ones
ID	3	@heynadine - not early at all, just say you are running on eastern time  hope you had fun at your auditions! canada ftw!
ID	3	@ShelbyStroman yes!! it is, like, super-glued inside my head.
ID	3	Hangin out with some cool ass people.  http://short.to/8j3p
ID	3	@bingofuel Why yes, we did see @CaryWilliams tonight. Delicious dinner by chef Geoff chez A-Lo/G-Mo.  Hope to see him again pre-departure
ID	3	She has an awsome voice. Bored nothin to do i should really consider  going back to school yeah right i'd rather cry of boredom  forever
ID	3	Ruff, Ruff, says my sweet little mini chu-weeny dog. Her name is Ziggy and she is just too darn cute for her own good. She says hey guys.
ID	3	silly you are right here with me
ID	3	Cathylo-fran! I'm glad i can vent out to you about this. Thanks for being here for me bestfriend
ID	3	I have been married 1 year to the most wonderful man
ID	3	@patricklanglois http://twitpic.com/4w52z - i bet you ate and missed the brazilian bbq  and i also bet you guys played wii (mostly bec ...
ID	3	@Michaelcopon: Awesome. Tell me if its good. I might watch it
ID	4	@ninjapixie83 Sorry for your loss.  I know how you feel.  She or he was a lucky cat.
ID	3	@Scorch_Mom Emailed you - it'll be on the porch anytime. If you come tomorrow, we'll have to miss you! Don't worry about knocking!
ID	3	yay mothers day  i love mi madre
ID	3	@alphonso I'm in SF right now
ID	3	watching Season 2, episode 1 of House before bed... what a great bedtime story
ID	3	Looking forward to having Dinner with Family and Friendsss! Happy Mothers Day to all the Moms out there!
ID	2	mothers day, happy mothers day mom
ID	3	@Im_2nd aww thanks!
ID	3	@colorarmy: I'll keep y'all in my prayers but welcome back to TX  Hope you have a good,safe flight
ID	4	@LisaBernart Great to meet you! Thanks for the use of your umbrella...I hope you ate and got some sleep!
ID	4	@jtimberlake DAMN YOU KILLED IT ON SNL...THAT WAS GOOD STUFF I WAS CRYING W/LAUGHTER @jimmyfallon broke you i love it
ID	3	time for The Great Yakuza Horror Theatre, wish me luck
ID	3	Its good to have an old friend at ur new job. Another good day at work. Paycheck day will be even better
ID	3	i wanna watch tormented. it's showing on May 22
ID	2	@FokusChicagoKid Ah....okay
ID	3	Is watching &quot;It takes Two&quot;.... such a classic lol
ID	0	Shoot, are we all done with the mustard jokes now?
ID	1	Shoot, are we all done with the mustard jokes now?
ID	3	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
ID	2	Wine and Saginaki with 7 friends = good times
ID	3	and goodnight, twitterland! hope all of your weekends are going great!
ID	0	@gnxmusic But I am with you... I hate doing it... can't we just make music and magically not have to worry about money  awe... sigh...LOL
ID	1	@gnxmusic But I am with you... I hate doing it... can't we just make music and magically not have to worry about money  awe... sigh...LOL
ID	3	I would rather end up heart broken then have regret because i didnt take a chance
ID	3	Ate too much vegetarian pizza for dinner! But it was so good
ID	3	is having awesome fruits and vegetable juice at the opening of Lam's noodles at 8@tradehub21  #fb http://tinyurl.com/qnjqx2
ID	3	@LarieBeck Good to hear! I got a bit of a tan today too, which is unheard of for me- I am SO pasty white all the time.  Mostly I freckle.
ID	3	JUST GOT TO LA  MISS HAWAII ALREADY! DANG
ID	3	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
ID	3	@jlee07 Thanks for the following and support!!!   &lt;3
ID	3	We picked up Boston Legal season 5, enjoying it now.  No matter how offensive Denny can be, I love Denny Crane!  He is a riot.
ID	3	@David_Henrie hahaha. you make me laugh.
ID	3	Finished practicing for today. A bit tired.  http://tinyurl.com/pypof6
ID	3	WHOA! Twilight the board game! AAAHAHA
ID	3	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
ID	3	Loved Wanda Sykes' performance at the White House Correspondent's Association Dinner
ID	3	whole foods, barton springs, yogurt spot &amp; the oasis = perfect day in austin.
ID	2	watched 100th episode of numb3rs. loved how they did a throwback to the first episode, using the sprinkler theory
ID	3	Working out and watching snl
ID	3	i'm eating cookies that have been sitting around for a week now. thanks andrea dear
ID	3	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
ID	3	Why am I posting so late? Just got back from seeing Star Trek. It was so awesome
ID	3	@RiChArD_Morgan_  which 1? There r2 that I love and want to share  i just wish I'd made them-
ID	2	hip hop is alive &amp; well in nashville tn!
ID	3	watching a youtube vid of @jonasbrohters sing paranoid live  @njbond007 is so cute when he sings lol
ID	3	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
ID	3	Waiting to go to bed. Had a great weekend
ID	3	@merabobera I wantttt!!!!!!!!
ID	3	living it up at empire hotel...free bottle service. it ROCKS having connections
ID	3	Looks like i can go see jeffree star afterall. I told my dad he'd hate the music &amp; he said i could go alone
ID	3	twittering after 2 days!
ID	3	@AspaPhoto Ahhhh \you are soo smart  Thanks for this schooling of thoughts  Have you taught before?
ID	3	happy mothers day to all the mommies!
ID	3	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
ID	3	Home. Should be in the bed, but I'm just super duper excited about tomorrow.
ID	2	Campfire and smores
ID	3	@ztnewetnorb i agree with @masterballerina spongebob is better
ID	3	watching &quot;Say Anything&quot; - great '80s movies and the starting point of my love for John Cusack!
ID	3	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
ID	2	I HAVE NEW WORK COMING OUT
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight Aw..see that, right there is why we all ? you Jon!  Give your mamma a hug tomorrow! Much love ~ Jamie
ID	3	I have a license and a car..at least for now.
ID	3	FREE UNLIMITED RINGTONES!!! - http://tinyurl.com/freeringring - USA ONLY - Awesome 4 iphone
ID	3	had fun at wango tangooo!
ID	2	I'm baking cookies. What are YOU doing?
ID	3	@Miss_Melbourne Sounds good! Say hi if you run into me there! I'm always always having coffee there
ID	3	had a fun day at the theatre... glad to be back in town for a while
ID	3	@ishaka Thanks
ID	3	@ubernostrum I really ought to pay more attention to my phone tweets... Sure! The more moives the better.
ID	3	@AguyfrTX I know, thx  But I'll be ok.
ID	3	@ishmael5 http://bit.ly/Msize  There you go dear  I love her Janelle
ID	3	@LilEmoBoi  its like that with the goo goo dolls for me. Then I heard &quot;iris&quot; and absolutely loved it
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wjai - Joe's the photographer of the family. Rehearsing is always fun. For the first couple of days it is at least.
ID	3	@DixonTam maybe I have a different impression. It's entirely possible
ID	3	@penny268 Lol. Thanks, Penny. I'm trying to believe you.
ID	3	@torridcrafter One of my good friends in the states has it covered now, but thank you again!
ID	3	@officialTila yeah twitter is a lot of fun babe... especially when you've got ppl to talk to! lol &amp; that sounds Goooooood lol
ID	3	Woo! Nachos AND ice cream  haha
ID	3	Hey guys I'm going to create an iPhone app that's a twitter client called Tweetilicious please @reply me your thoughts!
ID	3	@petitesuitecb Thanks my girl. True BFF!
ID	3	That was a fun show. Grabbing a bite to eat now.
ID	2	niggas got they eyes on me and i aint talkin bout da BM when i say i got 745 on me
ID	4	Don't know what to do right now...pretty bored, but I refuse to study. Any suggestions?
ID	3	@MCRsavedMilife haha yes
ID	3	@fatally_yours that's stunning!
ID	3	I also have a certain CD from camp that a certain somebody gave me...  Yeah, there's this guy in the video that's really frickin hot!
ID	3	oh the memories  ? http://blip.fm/~5yxd4
ID	3	@omgbas i'm watching CQC a brazilian humor program
ID	3	Happy mothers day!
ID	2	@DanielAlxander I like that...gonna have to re-tell
ID	3	happy mother's day
ID	3	can't stop smiling  i'm in the best mood right now!!!!!
ID	4	Still feel like craaaap and like everyone on earth needs to know this lol... Have fun birdies
ID	2	@howardlindzon Obama support still at 821 - he's up 13% - needs to hedge his FAS position  heard he bought some stocktwits sweatbands
ID	3	@ all mothers, Happy Mother's Day, at all non-mothers, Happy Sunday, the 10th of May.
ID	2	@DrMeredithGrey i think she'll pull through.
ID	4	Thank you all for your incredible support and encouragement-it means so much!! You constantly bless me &amp; I am thankful for you!!
ID	3	Enjoyed x-men w/ @dwestbrook  now it's time to rest up for this drive home...happy mother's day twit-moms!!!
ID	2	@tenticketthrill ahahaha! That's funny.
ID	2	@TinainMelbourne Will do
ID	3	@redonculous video tape that for me  hahaha
ID	3	@AspaPhoto I am the same... well peer trained, peer taught, peer learning
ID	3	Wow.. TAGers ROCK!!!  Awesome performance
ID	3	Dinner party was great!  Happy, full clients that is what I like to end my day with
ID	3	@vmahmud I am at my office now, dude. yeah, get one!!! come on, let's go live! geez, all u need is time to practice. U'll get used to it
ID	3	Good nite everybody!  &lt;:Baby Boy:&gt;
ID	3	@HOLLYWOODTONI. Okay kool... I might be touring all summer long but we can make it happen!
ID	3	Oh, tonight is a good night
ID	3	@AmandaGearSolid OMG! It's the famous Amanda woman person thingy!  HUGS ALL AROUND!
ID	3	@duherica Thanks!
ID	3	it's beach time!
ID	3	i basically want the world to kno that i have the BEST best friend    love her &lt;3
ID	2	@niw Thought you should mention that you don't need to enable Growl in Tweetie to make your plugin work, and to avoid duped notifications
ID	2	can't keep eyes open....*shuts eyes*
ID	3	&quot;NAPPY'S&quot; da new &quot;N&quot; word....by da way, iLove my &quot;NAPPY&quot; braids  iGot &quot;HANG-TIME&quot; homie lol
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day! I love my mommy
ID	4	happy mothers day  going to the zoo... i have to wake up at 9:30 oh god noo!!!
ID	3	I love how small adelaide is. Just ran into callum, of all people, at the airport. Amazing to see him though
ID	3	@N_Y_Yankees changed my default pic since you've been showing so much love!
ID	3	@deaninwaukesha Oh yes...quite.  And with that, I really do have to retire.  G'night doll!!  Nice chattin' with ya!
ID	3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
ID	3	Just got out of the VAST show &amp; IT KICKED ASS! Just as mindblowing live as on CD. Sang my fave songs. Im n awe!
ID	4	@farah_n_pete you do a terrible job of hiding it.
ID	4	@TiptheMilkman awww  no problem , sorry for tha loss
ID	3	@Morgan_Company Hey Kathy, happy Mother's Day!
ID	2	Is coming to the end of his first shift  6.30 local
ID	3	is excited for tonight's party of ron  http://plurk.com/p/sujth
ID	0	@LeafyTangram Where's the story?! I wanna know! I wanna know!
ID	1	@LeafyTangram Where's the story?! I wanna know! I wanna know!
ID	3	aww my son gave me a purple g shock for mother's day
ID	3	happy mother's day to all the mothers in the world.
ID	3	Happy Mother's day to all the wonderful mommies out there  I LOVE YOU MOM!!
ID	3	Is working out the twitter kinks
ID	3	&quot;dream of a better world because it's coming&quot; -someone could live off of those words dude
ID	3	watching some scary movies with my friend
ID	3	@SamBennington  cool  you are here too  hi sam  how are you???
ID	4	@hollywoodtv just a question.. are you guys liek famous or anything ? haha and MILEY FOLLOWED YOU LUCKKYY ! im so jealous
ID	3	Aww, I love my daddy! He works 7 days a week almost all day and still tries to go to SF with all of us
ID	2	@MissSididdy ur welcome...anytime
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to everyone's mothers, mothers-to-be, grandmothers, great grandmothers...All the WOMEN! I salute you all
ID	3	@limegreenman And I thank you.
ID	3	HAPPY MOTH3R'S DAY 2 3V3RY IN TH3 WORLD!!! ILY
ID	3	Aim:iloveshawniedur
ID	0	Watching the Broncos vs Chiefs 1994, Montana vs Elway on NFL Network.  I still have nightmares about this game   FU KC!
ID	1	Watching the Broncos vs Chiefs 1994, Montana vs Elway on NFL Network.  I still have nightmares about this game   FU KC!
ID	3	@swoopthekid I'm good, thanks.  Hope you're enjoying the weekend!
ID	3	#HappyMothersDay to all the moms out there
ID	3	@stompthewalrus yay! now ill shall take your picture, and get a tattoo on my arm
ID	3	@FrostyJan Enjoy the ride
ID	3	@animeshiredane Okay, as long as you're all right.
ID	3	like wat do i do wat do i do.........HA i got it i'll go 2 mushygushy...... so peace out twitter dudes i got a gushy gram 2 make
ID	3	@sara3isenough hahah that is hilarious!  when my b/f washes them they usually don't fit the bed anymore.  either that or they turn pink
ID	3	good day, ya'll! happy mom's day!
ID	3	A very special HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all Mommies!
ID	3	oficially mother's day! Hug &amp; kissa Ur mom today more than U do everyday  cooking 4 her is a good idea, i'm making enchiladas suizas =]
ID	3	*[ It's time for TSCC!  ]
ID	3	just watched Star Trek.. I liked it  I'm making my mother a card and listening to some tunage, Copeland to be exact ;]
ID	3	@Rachecullen yesh. lawl
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4wjjs - i aint a playah, i just crush alot.
ID	3	Just had an amazinq qirls-niqht-out. I quess its always qreat to have an excuse to wear tiny dresses &amp; heels
ID	3	Woo CAVS.  Happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	@evgibson I have to admit at being a Colin Firth groupie at this point.
ID	3	Bout to go to bed... Happy Mother's Day ladies .... especially all th 1s who takin care of thier kids alone..n I Love U Momma
ID	2	@misskg86 thanks kelly! that means a lot.  have you figured out your apt thing yet?
ID	3	@TBHA aww , its ok,we ended up getting in later than expected and didnt go...I would of called you if we were able to, ...C U N Austin,
ID	3	@genehiga Your studio! @annhamilton and Bogie became one of your best friends after you guys started it.
ID	3	@AClockworkToad I will take lots of pics! it is really pretty there, lots of palm trees.
ID	3	there's not many things better than sleeping with my windows open
ID	0	Sam can go shoot her self.
ID	1	Sam can go shoot her self.
ID	3	@BarbaraHauck Hey Barb, I love the line in your bio..Without health, nothing matters...So dead on!
ID	3	I'm an incredibly happy person with 100% energy. Love to dance &amp; laugh...the only thing that I know.I'm one of the most down to earth ppl
ID	3	I love my daddy. Dad's are so under appreciated by their daughters these days ... Not mine.
ID	3	Curled up in bed now... going to wind down with some #G1 solitaire .   goodnight twitterland!
ID	3	@osdawaya That's not too bad.  Good luck!
ID	3	@caitlinpasko awesome  have you played there before?
ID	3	@cubandoll you're welcome
ID	3	today was the BEST &lt;3 eff yeah i &lt;3 @ohbabyitsashley
ID	3	@Rayyychell  Jane Austen's books!,    Pride and Prejudice &amp; Emma are great!!, Also  Northanger Abbey!
ID	3	Smiley absolves all
ID	2	@gotsthepeppa woo! I was at whole earth tonight, maybe tomorrow some, let me know if you come back. Yay for wikipedia
ID	3	They never cease to amaze me.
ID	3	@SamBennington Hey Sam, happy mothers day
ID	3	@J0HNNYWYATT amazing tonight glad I could share it with you baby. You are my sunshine
ID	3	@babyvtec lol - that's what hubby's are there for, to think their wives are nuts.
ID	3	@zendoc pretty soon gonna have to unfollow myself from @tweet_words to cut the quickly growing &quot;habit&quot; ... but I do love the challenge!
ID	3	@khloekardashian Cause its true!!! It would!!! Hahaha... I Love YOU
ID	3	@charlestrippy LOLL im a college girl...bahahah i love these blogs they're so funny!
ID	2	@LMRB besides when u come and visit ill have more room for u!
ID	2	@FLallday Hey Kevin! Yeah, this one's gonna be a toughie for sure - not much sleep. Oh well, only 8 hours to go
ID	3	@ATsLady @Josette_78 @DallasJud Thanks for the love yallmy tweeps   &lt;&lt;&lt; fa sho!
ID	2	Have been writing since 6pm &amp; I only have 300 words. Can't help but edit as I write. Stop it, self! Oh, I've also been researching too.
ID	3	We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off
ID	3	he's here   sleep over with the MR. night peeps !
ID	3	Enjoying my weekend with my sis  xx
ID	3	Why did i drive and how did i make it? Ahh margaritas are the BEST!!
ID	3	Cheifs beat the 'Canes 16-8! Top of the table! Wooo! ...and up go the Sky Sport Virtual Rugby points.
ID	2	@cubbygraham I wanna come!!! How come u didn't invite me!
ID	3	@Escape2TheStars it's ok.  I'll have reached 3,000 tweets and be in dreamland by then so have a good sleep!! talk later.
ID	3	&quot;He was interesting..and brilliant..and mysterious..and perfect..and beautiful..and possibly able to lift full-sized vans with one hand&quot;
ID	3	@_writersblock_ Yep! One drink &amp; @retrorewind block party is keeping me up
ID	3	@Lady12s Here's some healing/sleep energy, sweetie!
ID	3	@mileycyrus YOU GAVE A GOOD SPEECH AT THE BREAST CANCER FOR REVLON FOR WOMEN TODAY
ID	3	This is cool  http://yfrog.com/097dfj
ID	3	TIGERS! WOO! YOU'RE MY BABY! omfg. cleveland was a blast. sleeping.
ID	4	Im.in.the.room Im.watching.the.HANNAHmovie.withMOM.She.said.this.film.very.great.
ID	3	classic SNL digital short tonight! Be my mother lover  ha ha... too good!
ID	3	@DefyGravity81 oooooooh I KNO  EEEEEEEKKKKKKK! @coriluvthedon ROCKS!! &gt;
ID	3	welcome to the family new pillow  im going to lay my head on you tonight!!!
ID	2	@quincyanne Yes, I'm originally from Argentina. And very 'mystic' about that  ... bientt de te lire Quincy!
ID	3	@datingdad HA.. I look at Twitter games as harmless fun. Despite being author of Twitter book, I try to talk about other stuff
ID	3	just downed 10 live abalone sashimi with 2 bottles of sake with father-in-law.  Very happy
ID	3	@celikins Yup, us too. Spending time with Mom, Sis and Aunt  Have A great Mothers Day!
ID	3	@laracasey: LOVE you walking us through this event. So fun. Blue water. Surplus of donuts... what a great night!
ID	4	My legs are so fucking sore. And my feet hurt to walk. Whataday
ID	3	Bed. Church in the morning. Happy mothers day
ID	3	Tired from work. I hate closing, eek. But all smiles today. Aloha Kitchen, yum.
ID	2	havin fun my friend?
ID	3	@mateoonline I'm sure u did!!! CAN'T w8 4 2morrows shw!!! Happy Mommys day 2 me!!!
ID	3	@nerdwriter we were close to trying all of them! SO YUMMY
ID	3	Having bro-lights with g.Soll  CHEERS!  http://twitpic.com/4wjrs
ID	2	its mothers day
ID	3	Guess it was too much to hope for me to have a nice relaxing Mothers Day!... Happy Mothers Day mommies
ID	3	we broke 2,000 followers!! yay  We love you all &lt;3
ID	3	I think you are super cute...
ID	3	@erzonline Thanx... sorry not trying to rub it in... I just get excited... been working hard to make that dream come true for awhile
ID	3	I love ridding in this weather
ID	3	@herrowitsjess Yeah, but George says something with his words. Otherwise its just..... jiberish junk... love, joy,happy ahh see how nice
ID	2	@ChrisPeezy angels even though I'm probably not the third... ANGELS AND DEMONS
ID	3	I'd like to thank my normally only randomly working internet for actually staying up from the moment I sew the tweet until now.
ID	3	Finally off work...long night.  Hangin with @KrispySwiggs
ID	3	Just got home from Stacey's lovely wedding
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day Moms  Take a load of for at least a day!
ID	3	@roflwolf yeah they are basically awesome
ID	3	@stmako Yup. Most of my hacks are all for fun  Here's a quick video I made of it. I'll follow up when it's done.  http://bit.ly/3xm7D
ID	4	@Epic_War_MT I'm no longer blue
ID	3	@TomboyTigress thanks  sweet dreams to you too!
ID	3	@jefebarrio it was put on by our neighborhood, so just a little one. Like 25 runners. I got 1st place, with an okay time. I was happy.
ID	3	Is one bar two of the pub crawl... Gonn be a long night
ID	2	happy mother's day!  http://bit.ly/6fGxd
ID	2	@iamjonathancook pleaase dont start dating her, that would suck, then disney kids would listen to ftsk. thanks
ID	3	my life is so exhilerating  family kingdom is such a good summer sport!!! and so is swimming in the ocean at night with kristin
ID	3	loves summer! and don't forget people, tomorrow is mother's day!
ID	0	@marksmadsen lol, @skelly on blip.fm is not the @skelly on twitter! i hate that song btw
ID	1	@marksmadsen lol, @skelly on blip.fm is not the @skelly on twitter! i hate that song btw
ID	3	@heycassadee One of the fake &quot;you&quot;s followed me. Haha. I so wish it would be you instead!
ID	3	With rooobbbbbiiieeeee
ID	3	had a great day
ID	3	@mdjensen I'm a little late but congratulations on your 1st tri, it's a great accomplishment...good night
ID	0	@tamij I'm going to turn it off. We Tribbles don't need tracking devices!     #hhrs
ID	1	@tamij I'm going to turn it off. We Tribbles don't need tracking devices!     #hhrs
ID	3	@Hatz94Music We got a guy in the chat now lol.
ID	2	@sareybarey I just watched that episode again last night.
ID	2	@GenesisFireMoon Ah sorry to hear that, just saw pic of chi. and looks cool  I got beagle and ori-pei
ID	3	@angrya ps love the new profile pic!
ID	3	@chrisgwilliams hahaha. I'm driving, so I leave roundabouts when I wake up tomorrow. Arrive proximately 5 hrs from then.  See ya tmw!
ID	3	@political_queen like it
ID	3	@whatsyourcrime ok, so I'm replying!  happy mothers day, indeed!
ID	3	@james_a_michael Hey! thanks for another great day! I'm going to sleep now! I'll chat with you tomorrow!  Sweet dreams!
ID	4	@AmyPredsfan Oops..too late.  Already popped in Bridges, since I missed most of it on tv.   (I &lt;3 Blair &amp; Jo too!)
ID	3	@jtimberlake--please do SNL every week!! i couldn't quit laughing!! u+snl=best nite ever
ID	3	@lanaclevermomme @thepalmgifts i love that show. I would totally go on Time Bandit #deadliestcatch TPG:&quot;Love ocean, crab legs suspense&quot;
ID	3	probably one of the best surprises ever...you really are amazing
ID	2	@donttrythis Something like that happened to me once: We closed the side door too hard and the engine locked up
ID	3	@thatswhack74  haha aww hun i bet you are more creative than me
ID	3	@RockDaMullet  thanx mang!  shes due in june 12th and yezzzir the first baby! -drummer boi
ID	3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
ID	3	@Tpearson44 me toooooo! Thank u
ID	2	love it when my sister brags! but she's too tired too spell bowling right! haha its ok I &lt;3 her!!
ID	3	Candle wax is very enjoyable.
ID	3	I'd like to thank my normally only randomly working internet for actually staying up from the moment I saw the tweet until now.
ID	3	@SellPuts agreed  it did take me a little while to find my way on stocktwits, but once I did, I cant imagine working w/o it
ID	3	@OkayRay thanx for the bday wishes ray
ID	3	Goodnight everyone  Happy Mothers Day to all of the mothers out there
ID	3	Late night...finally home.
ID	3	fuckkk i need sleepppppppp lol, happy mothers day mummy
ID	4	@CandyMaize its ok..i was kinda feeling ignored anyway  And its sunday arvo 330pm. Going out for Lunch &amp; WINE!
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight ..uuuups today is mother day???....sh***....ive forgot it, my work doesnt have a end *sigh*....thank you for remind it
ID	2	@cnystedt Good morning! I certainly did
ID	3	@TravellingSales WELCOME BACK  see you tomorrow! come pick up your gift ;)
ID	3	@boredgirl260 did he ask for your Twitter ID? Your sun sign?
ID	3	thank God we finally found her!
ID	3	Oh! Northern Downpour was just on the radio! I mean, not from the CD or anything. But the normal radio station! Woohoo.
ID	3	@Cattnip lol yeah I guess you have a point
ID	3	Now have windows 7 up and running....very very happy  it's got sum wicked new features http://bit.ly/jyWnz
ID	2	@tamij Where'd that ? come from? No pup for now. But certainly in the near future. Maybe a beagle. It depends. I do muss my fatboy.
ID	4	thanks so much for the discount code. looking forward to trying your pads out
ID	3	@amcknight30 thanks for following
ID	2	@reesnicole We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off
ID	3	Happy mothers day mumm  xoxo
ID	3	@Dropsofreign make a prank call for me
ID	3	sape ada paypal USD70 untuk dijual? offer me your best rate..
ID	2	@charleshope When are you and @gracepiper coming over so we can violently agree?
ID	3	Won a diamond for my comptition  , yaayy tomorow its the DIAMOND DANCE OFF !! Were the best  .. Still in montral !!
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE WONDERFUL MOTHERS IN THE WORLD!!! myself included...
ID	3	@mycaricature Keep the suggestions coming...I love the classics!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day! Justin Timberlake's version a mother's day gift.. http://bit.ly/6fGxd  -- too funny!!!
ID	3	@jesuisnancy that's really ultra sweet
ID	3	Don't remember installing phpMyAdmin on this dev machine but happy to type host/phpmyadmin &amp; find it there!  (didn't use xampp) #senility
ID	3	@naidanai nai nai baby. haha i didn't know that you have twitter but oh well
ID	3	wishes Happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	Years ago when my neighbor told me she went to school with Sharkboy I didnt care...Too Bad, bcuz now Taylor Lautner is a little hottie!!
ID	4	I just single handedly killed 4 flies and a crane fly with my hairbrush!! I'm gonna go disinfect it now...but bugs beware!!
ID	3	Is going to attempt to cook chunky beef &amp; mushroom pie tonight  mmm, i'm hungry already!
ID	2	NKU - I can get that app after all!
ID	3	a band from Hawaii with a Sublime sound, so all you sublime haters can just move along  ? http://blip.fm/~5yy4n
ID	3	OMJ JUSt qOt HOME fROM tHAt PARty! it'S 2:OO a.m! i'M MAN tiRED! GOODNiqHt AND HAPPY MOtHER'S DAY 2 ALL!!! tAkE CARE &amp; GOD BlESS!
ID	2	had a good time at prom. They played Jonas Brothers for me. pretty much made my night...
ID	3	Jeff &amp; I are looking for long lasting love! Just not with each other we both like Men
ID	3	@jasonmitchener Yes sir...I just acquired a Master of Arts in Christian Ministry-a loooooong journey completed today...so thankful!
ID	3	Perhaps the answers to all my questions, lie in the deep waves of the ocean. Beach trip anyone!?
ID	3	@gio511 We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off
ID	3	@gKwo  it did, i didnt really watch it haha
ID	3	made $30 tonight watching 2 little kids swim and watch a movie!!! haha i love babysitting haha
ID	2	Currently brushing up on the art and science of selecting good domain names (after having 550 domains the year before with poor results)
ID	3	@tabithalynnne lmao, yep
ID	3	I'm so proud of Dr. House for detoxing.  His Amber hallucination is evil!!
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight awe...Thank you Jon!
ID	3	@judielise @PopandIce Wish you both a very Happy and Fabulous Mother's Day!
ID	3	goodnight to all
ID	3	i feel really blessed to have super awesome best friends
ID	3	@jtimberlake  Thank you and Happy Mothers Day to your Mother also SNL tonight
ID	3	Happy Mother's day to all the mom's out there in twitter-land!
ID	3	Is FINALLY having dinner... At Nishiki Sushi!
ID	3	@QueenofKong We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off
ID	3	had one of the greatest days ever! spent the whole day with besties &amp; celebrated installs with the friends i love oh so much  &lt;3
ID	3	just got to kansas city and excited for a fun weekend with my family, my sis, parker and josh
ID	3	@Sondra_ i guess we will wait &amp; see..
ID	3	@Mumbleguy We need men to give their input too so I'll fill u in on the time very soon
ID	3	is really really ready!
ID	3	happy mama's day ladies!  have a good day.
ID	3	At envy! Loving it  best club ever.
ID	3	Good night all, 15 miles of trails with 7 peeks to climb in the morning, fun times ahead
ID	3	Tell your mom Happy mother's day ok be a good child and tell her !!!
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight thanks JK!!!  Love ya to death
ID	3	Night Night Everyone.    HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to all mothers
ID	4	@citycynic lol, as a target employee they forbid me from that place, no i usually go in and buy like everything along with commenting
ID	3	@TMZaol We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off
ID	3	Stunning weather today/this afternoon/now - couldn't ask for better!
ID	3	and guess what? the second time around... it's still fucking great
ID	3	I'm enjoying this Sunday very much. No parents. No revision. Just like any other Sunday
ID	3	@GlobeInsurance We should have a twitter reunion it would be awesome to meet you all lol, iwonder howd iget that to pull off
ID	3	@DavidArchie although, there is drama, move forward, smile, and count your blessings everyday. Your actions speak volumes, sooo inspiring
ID	3	Hi-5 to ALL my friends and ummm thanks for the follow and enjoy the ride IF I make too many trips (I will) for u and u gotta go i get it
ID	3	@cariocastv Stylish soap; lots of sexy people; now we just need a version dubbed in english!  Keep up the good work... Bruno
ID	3	says 2 1/2 hours to go, uwian na. . .  [phplurk.com] http://plurk.com/p/sun82
ID	3	@JustCierra Yep, they sang your song!
ID	3	@angelakeen the next wk I C Drs too but maybe then? I would love it! I did go to Mac Grill.  John was not there! Thought of U!
ID	3	@3Magpies Thanks! and to you as well!
ID	4	@dailypep I'm sure I will cry at the most unopportunte (spelling?) moment!!
ID	3	@BeckyLopez Happy Mother's Day!
ID	2	@smithld I picked up some stuff I missed the 2nd time  And to think you missed all the in jokes too!
ID	3	Chatting with matt from mercy mercedes lol.
ID	2	@Nemone1 going to imax @130am
ID	0	@YasmineGalenorn  I kinda want to smack that darn skeleton though.
ID	1	@YasmineGalenorn  I kinda want to smack that darn skeleton though.
ID	3	night twitter lovelies. happy yo momma day. i luff you mummy
ID	3	@dorothearose you are the sweetest.  love you cuz!
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day
ID	3	is surprising momma bear
ID	3	Orange/Pineapple/Banana smoothie after a very long, very hard day = HEAVEN!
ID	3	@sagetune lucky you! They are my favorite flowers ever and they only come around once a year. Wish twitter had a scratch and sniff option
ID	3	@oeyz Howdy do!  I'm just living my life and loving it.  How's you?
ID	3	@nathanschultze haha. that's awesome. good job
ID	4	@prepchik07 p.s.: UV rays are just as strong with clouds as with regular sun, sometimes stronger. just FYI.
ID	3	Logging it out. Thank you Kiana...you're something else ma! masha'Allah.
ID	2	boooo on life decisions....bottle of wine be my lucky eight ball tonight
ID	3	@icammodel thank you
ID	2	spirit week! Tuesday have to be in make up by eight so I can die later. School wednesday and thursday then, finally sleep in on Friday!!
ID	3	@KOLsweetie hell yeah! Belgian beer is the bomb!!  :p
ID	3	So nice to go into the bathroom and not hear the sound of gently running water
ID	2	@prayingmother I like tweet deck and I'll try the other one u recomended Thanks
ID	3	@n_k_mamma TY! Happy Mothers Day to you too! Love ya...Cel
ID	3	my blog is now updated
ID	2	@iamjonathancook awe
ID	3	At t.g.i fridays  With some of my favorite people ever.. We made a reservation for 20 and we have like 50 people here. Hahah
ID	3	@epicwinmaster Thats great
ID	3	@scottrmcgrew honey is great for your health!
ID	3	@serenechai that's cool! i think del's going to korea same time as you! have fun!
ID	3	Nothing exciting from me tonight....got some new toys to play with though  Happy Mother's Day Ladies
ID	3	@diana_truong ahhh~~ is hb done or.. cause we are still hoping for an encore of SNSD  lol!!!
ID	3	@appstoremod Mind telling me which book  cuz i was at barnes and nobles today and found 2 books that looked promising
ID	3	happy mother's day mummy  i love you. xo
ID	2	Mother's Day has been good for me
ID	3	is getting ready for bed. Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there!
ID	3	today something amazing happened...I fell in love with coupons!
ID	3	Wishing all Mothers Happy Mother's Day
ID	3	@web20empire @copywriting Welcome to my network buddies
ID	2	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
ID	3	@MrsPinkyIvory Hey Pinky I ordered some stuff from that site you gave me. I got it yesterday in the mail so pretty  thanks
ID	3	I LOVE CHICAGO.   Tonight was AMAZING!!
ID	3	Yay, St. Mary's here I come
ID	3	I'm so excited for Mothers Day!  This has been a big year for me &amp; Olivia, and she's finally old enough to be excited &amp; understand!
ID	2	Hmm..You can't judge a book by looking at its cover
ID	3	i love all da sexy ladiez ya beautiful unique and sexy, and smart. dont let a nigga call u a bitch cuz ladies ya worth then dat i mean it
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all mothers out there!  I am not one myself, but I have been called something along those lines
ID	3	Yay for birthdays  sadly my voice is almost gone :/ but it was a pretty good night!
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day to all of the moms out there
ID	3	catching up on House  season finale monday!
ID	2	OH MY GOD STAR TREK WAS AWESOME AND I CANNOT WAIT TO SEE IT AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN. OH MY GOD. CHRIS PINE IS SMOKIN'!
ID	3	@_callmeCourt always welcome hun
ID	3	Such a fun night. I needed the break. PS- I love you man is effing hilarious! Good night twitter world. Sweet dreams
ID	3	@WCharlie I'll register the first thing I wake up tomorrow.  Looking forward to be back with the forum too!
ID	3	@nomaez hey man, thanks for twitting for twitter tshirt , appreciated
ID	3	is spending time with her mommy later today!
ID	3	@ashleythegreat I love you too baby  see i'm cool now!!!
ID	3	@vickycornell HAPPY MOTHERS DAY VICKY!!!! AND TO ALL THE OTHER MOTHERS WHO READ THIS!!!
ID	3	@Dezz_MCR  yeahh me tOo haha the mine is Mariel  i luv it! and the urs tOo =D  whats ur fav MCR song??
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wk9i - I should really try a different pose some time.
ID	3	@istribawel haha iya  starting to tweet again krn mitzy baru ber-tweeter jg Nit.
ID	2	Making my momma a happy mother day card &lt;3 I love my mommy
ID	3	is about to make a nice cup of tea and pop some benadryl...long day...stay positive twitterbugs...goodnight!
ID	4	Filming at a carnival for my music video... It reminds me of the Cherry Festival that I used to go to back home... Ahhh memories...
ID	3	It feels like its nine and not one. Guess what? I love making money
ID	3	i found a ride...YES!!! liquor here i come
ID	3	.... you are my sunshine, my only sunshine....
ID	3	Sportsmens Warehouse finally got field points in, i can now use all my arrows.
ID	3	@terrytokyo i wish we could have seen you girls today. well besides from across the crowd haah. hope you had fun
ID	2	Ugh! I have to sleep! Tomorrow I will sttart my photobook for my Jonas' concert!  Its just in 1 week, 4 days and 16 hours (:
ID	3	loves her mum very much! Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers out there
ID	3	@jbrigante haha. I'm on drink #2. Cheat day for me
ID	2	@riceballs Belated kay Tita.  Wow! 2 prizes in a day! Congrats!
ID	4	Going to fold laundry and then hit the sack. I have boring saturday evenings
ID	3	I'm cooking meatballs for lunch  yaaayyy ...
ID	2	JB on the front of factor x!!!!! wooh contest timeee
ID	3	@plasticpiranha He was my reason for even going too haha.  Shaun of the Dead was too epic haha
ID	3	@SlainwithSatan glad he's leavin' got ALL my expensv shit outta his way...did i mention glad he's leavin'? *bust empty beer bttl on head
ID	3	@LemurToes It's pretty good, actually! A few lame episodes, but otherwise good. Give it a try!
ID	3	BEP KILLED IT! Oh and leighton meester waved at us!
ID	3	@mellieweena Woah... Haha... Thank you!
ID	3	@enobytes  drank a 2003 I guess that doesnt count?
ID	2	@DanWarp http://twitpic.com/4w9w6 - lol you sure love that sushi. you've tweeted many pictures of it.
ID	3	On page 214 of 320 of Betrayed by P.C. Cast. really starting to enjoy this series
ID	3	Is finally back from the dinner party, had fun, Alice had no wine. I proposed...we're getting married next week on May 15th 2009
ID	3	all mom's in the world congratulations
ID	3	@N0S4A2 wowie wooie someone updated their twitter without me having to remind you. I'm not even mad,I'm impressed.  how was the lasagna ?
ID	3	@ChEmIcALbUlLeTs thats sweet
ID	3	@bloodhoundgang aww that's awesome! he's a good guy
ID	3	HAppy Mother's Day to my Mom...that lady is the coolest  I love u ma!
ID	3	@Bparker_Seattle I totally 4 got about Golden Girls that is a gr8 Show
ID	3	Tabu. How ive missed you
ID	3	@CesYeuxBleu is making everything fabulous tonight
ID	3	rap battling at second sat, now at the moviesss  haha &quot;i swim in a lake of sex&quot;- Matthew M. ( Ghosts of Girlfriends Past)
ID	3	working on the climb season 2 episode 5!!
ID	3	@justinbrighten happy birthday justin! have a lof of fun!!! God bless
ID	3	Heading home  i love my boys
ID	3	happy mothers day to all   im off to spend the day with my family
ID	2	If someone in the family died you would of heard about it. Duhhhhhh. . .
ID	3	@nnayaj_11 thanks. enjoy the movie! i hope all is well with you te.
ID	3	@HEYdustin yesss sweet. see. tough love. for real, we love you
ID	3	Going to woodland hills  gna swim and drink. Makin the best of a good day. Yee
ID	3	@Stacina I have no doubt, darlin'!  Just wish you could find a boy worthy is all!  You're good people!
ID	3	@kara_sutra what is your next youtube video gonna be about? I love your videos!
ID	2	@DMBwine yes - I'm having my usual battle with my bed. Bed is winning, so far  How are you chick?
ID	3	@juliepilat great show
ID	3	everything is good except that neck shot and Steve's back of the head shot!
ID	3	Gotta get creative with these mothers day gifts. I'm gonna win them over with my love!!
ID	4	@thomasfiss hahaha now ur gonna tweet.... I awoke to 67 the other night haha Man the concerts here suck. Cali's da place 2 be
ID	2	@michaelsheen ekkk..thats ruff..hope you have a safe flight and good meeting
ID	4	Sounds like there's a party up the street.  I guess they forgot to invite me
ID	3	@itsQ LMAO... Smh!  that one threw me off.
ID	3	@AspaPhoto I'm glad then
ID	3	taking mum to lunch for mothers day
ID	3	@jiayu95 Adam Lambert rocks!  He must win American Idol!
ID	4	Just got home from work and tired
ID	2	everything is good except that neck shot and Steve's back of the head shots!
ID	3	To all mothers out there in Twitterland: Happy Mother's Day. I hope your day is a great one.  ~Tara Mae
ID	3	and thanks, @rawrvee , fr. yr congratulatory gweetin'
ID	3	@wordybirdee You're welcome --(that bashful kick's pretty cute too)
ID	3	@Therealseeon Birthday Sex is a great song, man.  Something different about it!  That's what ppl want!
ID	3	what a lazy sunday... I love lazy days...
ID	3	@mattmercy yay! we will have to get together soon and do something
ID	3	@brypie thanks x x it went really well. I'm tired now though  hope you spoiled your mum-in-law
ID	3	@mismile you're so cute.
ID	3	@officialTila who you snugglin with Tila???
ID	3	@madlyv this is funny, we just discussed Bela Lugosi  over dinner, his apearance in Plan B from outer space &quot;best&quot; movie ever
ID	3	@brianiwama amen to that brotha!
ID	2	@MissHeatherG we are tooo fly boo
ID	4	@ChaseSanders  if she sees that she will cry! lol
ID	2	Every day is Mother's Day.... Don't wait for 1 of 365 days to come around to show your mom how much you appreciate and love her.
ID	3	At KhSA new years festival. Love the traditional dances and outfits
ID	2	HAHA THIS CONVERSATION WAS FUN BUT NOW IM TIRED! GNITE!!!!!!!
ID	3	@FrankIero Thats amazing quote indeed.Btw Have a nice weekend  !
ID	3	@AREYNOSO1 @MALICAMUSIC @MOMTOAM HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!! LOVE YOU GUYS...
ID	3	Wishes @kirstiealley a Happy Mother's Day!
ID	2	forgot my macbook's recharger, that means nothing but Pratchett for me today
ID	3	Watching aliens with my boobie at craig rise house 11 early bedtime for the grown ups
ID	3	@chriscornell Thank you!  The best to you and yours tomorrow... I hope you all have a lovely day together!!
ID	3	Oh, and before that last tweet i spent about half an hour on brushing my teeth with my new electric toothbrush! I feel great
ID	3	@Jessica___xx lol. shall be fun
ID	3	@MoocherGirl i think it was more the tigers crumbling. so not surprising at all, really ... lol ...
ID	2	http://bit.ly/wZK3o  &lt;--- Paranoid. I actually like it better performed live rather than the studio version.
ID	3	Love love love. One a day does a woman's body good  http://twitpic.com/4wkpe
ID	4	@DawnRichard Awww, that's nice.  You both make a really beautiful couple, you balance each other.
ID	4	mmm - home-made pizza (that I helped to make), a home-made cheesecake (to eat soon) &amp; family... a nice day for mother &amp; nanna
ID	3	Lovely night, guys. Full moon  thinking about going out onto my roof lol
ID	3	Enjoying my weekend with my kids!
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4wkpl - Widescreen laptop + rotation + comics = Awesome.
ID	3	@PrincessArchie Remember to put your phone on silent! lol  Night loveees
ID	3	I'm loving Please Don't Leave Me by Pink!
ID	4	Missed Justin on SNL! AGHHH! Just when I started to love him again, yes it's one of those weeks.
ID	4	new phone + zero contacts = poo. send me a message with your name so i can save your numbers thanks
ID	3	@Ms_Mary_Typhoid Are you coming to the wedding?  I want all of his friends to be there?    @TheDeadpool Right, sugar?
ID	3	I just got a call from my chimp buddies, want to join the party. Loads to prepare now. Wow this is great. Cup of tea first i think. Erm
ID	3	@MoCo love that lamp!  We're in Sydney, Australia
ID	2	I have the worst stuffy nose EVER. Lauren's spending the night, and I took too much Sudafed!
ID	3	In other news: i like this band, &quot;Lydia&quot;, and its easy-going melancholy-yet-cheery songs. It's good listening
ID	3	Psalm 82:6 I have said, You are gods; and all of you are children of the most High. Happy Mothers Day Momma
ID	3	@LD2k @kampashai sitting next to magicmoment
ID	3	@amygrant Chocolate with peanut butter. One of my favorite combonations
ID	3	@vrowhani nope - just playing with one  i think i'm going to wait for the next iphone
ID	3	@KristinaxB your right. im so jealous i wish i had gangsterrrr pants like your grandma
ID	3	@w3edge congrats hey
ID	3	Love the family feud episode with the kardashians tonight
ID	3	Time to sign off for the night! Everyone have a great one! To all the mother's out there &quot;Happy Mother's Day&quot;
ID	3	Just got $200 of my Macbook
ID	3	happy mother's day
ID	2	@KrissyKris725 well wassup than dont be scurred now! lol you'd probably like it if it came to biting!
ID	3	@aaalisson YES. He's fascinating. I love his bedroom.. oh my God. The books.
ID	3	Had a long day at work. Stood home. Now sleeping to have another long day at work tomorrow &amp; happy mothers day to all mothers
ID	2	@JonathanRKnight Happy mother's day to ur mom!!! i hope she has a wonderful day!!!!!
ID	3	Bwahah I love the jackass movies!  I have chocolateeee!
ID	3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
ID	3	@jhughes4 Awesome fortune cookie!  I think you really WILL go to exotic places.  Hope all is well!!!
ID	3	@BabyvibeNancy Hi Nancy your fine (till it the baby moves!)  Just get out of the house &amp; do fun stuff early! The hardest jump was 1 to 2
ID	3	Thank you for the advice   I'll work on that when Im not at work.
ID	3	saw kim kardashian on robertson today, ate a hella good sandwich at bay cities in santa monica, and just downloaded a lot of new songs
ID	3	@vestacaro Did they already get the tax money from Helio for his winning of the pole position! Ha ha!!
ID	2	Cooking dinner!! Its already late!! am making Cabbage Molagootal for dinner!!
ID	3	@casparterhorst thanks for the recommendation!  I was not following, am now
ID	0	Arrogant bastard on tap in Oregon. WHAT!!!!!!
ID	1	Arrogant bastard on tap in Oregon. WHAT!!!!!!
ID	3	@MsDamn Happy mothers day to you beautiful!
ID	3	@kmore Yeahhh... thx. I figured it out
ID	2	@kc0219 I will! promise to bring me back something from the moon?
ID	3	My Sissy and I went to a Bridal Shower tonight; crazy women!!
ID	3	@officialTila You're welcome Tila!! I love you!! Wish I could have heard it
ID	2	i'm going to bed. have fun with the drunk ones.  see ya in the am!
ID	3	I forgot to mention that I am downloading the Fightstar version of Imogen Heap's &quot;Hiide and Seek&quot;  I have about 15 versions of that song!
ID	2	&quot;I'll see you again yeah?&quot; &quot;Its up to you&quot; &quot;I guarantee you will, i dont want to wait to long not seeing you&quot; fuckin fruit basket! Hahaha
ID	3	@TayloRAWR if you're watching this...I love you.&quot; I almost died. But now...SHE MEANS NOTHING!
ID	3	@Brutus626 there is the fact that you are the coolest guy you know.
ID	3	@nickyy123 im sure she'll love em  how was work? x
ID	3	@SirReigns Now that's what i like to hear!   You won't unfollow us little people on Twitter when you make it big will u?
ID	3	Well, at least it's not as bad as I thought. Found a new website to watch movies on and I gotta say.......it's not bad, not bad at all
ID	3	Did you know call of duty has a scenario game called &quot;Nazi zombies?&quot; it's awesome and scary at the same time
ID	3	@SherylLoch You too!   Happy Mom's get to rule and kids have to take it day
ID	3	I have fantastic friends
ID	2	@iadn Ok, just rub it in why don't ya.
ID	3	@jenthegingerkid oh. em. gee. i think that might be it!!! i wonder if i can get it @ a macy's - do you know a/b shipping?  @c2s :X sorry
ID	3	@mariapaulaa i KNOW! AHH!  so fun!
ID	3	(@CoxRocks) Ha, the lead singer gave me a high five and i got one of their guitar pics!
ID	2	It's 2am and I still haven't gone to sleep yet! Up early to hit the beach and then shopping! Yays!!!
ID	3	just got home from church. The Service was good
ID	3	@Willy9e  shouldn't I be going to sleep? Just kidding :p
ID	4	definitely OD tired..but backstagepazz.com is no joke..i think i want to be a groupie just so i can tell my tale.
ID	3	@whoaaitskristi OMG I'M SOO EXCITED! i've been waiting for it ever since i saw the 5th one at midnight the night before!
ID	3	Had a great day: beach, BBQ with old friends (it's crazy that I'm old enough to have 'old' friends!), &amp; learned how to play texas holdem
ID	3	Watchin' The Soup! This show is the BEST!
ID	3	@xodedexo18 Of course you can come join our sleep-over!! Can you bring me a big dill pickle?!
ID	3	@tabbycat224 gooood we miss you!!  hope you had fun w/the in-laws haha
ID	2	My whole immediate will be in the same city until some point tomorrow afternoon. This is monumental
ID	2	@__loss good god woman! Get some sleep!!! I'll call/text when I'm in the city.
ID	3	Hanging with Megan Brooks. Best girl in the world
ID	4	i'm addicted to home
ID	2	done with the packing and everything else ... leaving in 3 hours ...
ID	3	@JFabb Ahaha!! I have all of your albums.  Each stuff of your music is so beautiful! That's why I am so in love with them.
ID	3	I think Destiny has officially gone crazy... hahahaha
ID	0	@iam151 and you suck horribly  the world is at an even balance
ID	1	@iam151 and you suck horribly  the world is at an even balance
ID	3	@laurenconrad http://twitpic.com/4wh4d - this is a very pretty picture
ID	3	@leahita Your sweetie is very lucky too!  #liberty
ID	2	On my way to see diplo with my girl kathryn at smartbar!
ID	4	@slicksean I'd love that. And, don't think of it as easy. Think of it as enthusiastic.
ID	2	Dahh- I do believe it's time for bed. G'night
ID	2	@jlojlo you are a very naughty woman - we sooo have to meet!
ID	3	I love my life  Ni night twitter!&lt;3
ID	3	@ShawnRobinson thanks for the follow, your family photo is beautiful  happy mother's day to your wife!
ID	3	@missflipflop Night girl! Seriously want to hear stories when you can
ID	3	@80smusicthebest I'm doing okay
ID	3	excited to see my cousins this week.
ID	2	Who out there loves the soup. I do, I do.
ID	3	@AngelIbarra You guys rocked tonight. And yes, us Tacoma kids RULE.
ID	3	@cherrybaby2001 Glad you like it!
ID	3	Gotta buy some onesies for my besties lol ah Yea!  at the club having a grand ol time
ID	3	@l3ree im glad you got on twitter. I love you baby
ID	3	@MsNewAppearance Hey, thanx for following me, I'll follow you
ID	3	Just signed up on Twitter! yay!
ID	3	@dinno thanks dinno  appreciate it
ID	3	@fiascowines oh oh oh are you offering to send ducks!  I love love love confit duck
ID	3	@alitherunner haha, sorry, it's past my bedtime
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4wkzi - before prom. this is when all the chaos began
ID	3	Selling artwork+ risk game with the boys+ startrek= just what i needed. What a good day
ID	3	george lopez, bed, mommys day tomorrow ;)  i wish house was on Hugh Laurie, is sexay. sometimes i like way older guys.
ID	3	@AmbitiousMurphy - i sure hope so  it was worth it for me too  loveu.
ID	3	the boys didn't finish their tacos so now I'm eating them happily
ID	2	@MissNeyra hmm...ok, well I hope you feel better soon babe  Ima go to bed, I have a long day tomorrow
ID	3	but i didnt  krystal spent the night last night..i dnt think i posted that. but ya, we laughed a lot. SQUIRREL! &amp; HOUSE! new inside jokes.
ID	3	@acrocks congrats! Photo of dre?
ID	3	says morning plurk  just woke up. haha http://plurk.com/p/supwp
ID	3	@AshlieRayann Ashlie, thank you.  You made me feel a little better.
ID	0	@DinkyShop Oh yeah, and a few will say she went too far, and it'll all end up putting her back on top, where she belongs.
ID	1	@DinkyShop Oh yeah, and a few will say she went too far, and it'll all end up putting her back on top, where she belongs.
ID	3	Getting Emilie in half an hour, should get up.... Have a nice day all! Talk later I hope
ID	3	just received a personal email from Perez Hilton
ID	3	Gonna give a guest lecture tomorrow @ PES Mandya on OpenGL
ID	2	@xxmcr_ladyxx just scared for you! youre so young! @chemicalbullets im okay  what you doing?
ID	3	Its offically mothers day!! happy moms day!!!
ID	3	@bigben91190 its fun though
ID	3	@BackpackingDad Whooo Baby! Good luck
ID	3	is singing in the rain. Cover your ears, people
ID	3	@KManCOBHC You, the other crew and COB tried your hardest to put on great shows and fans all appreciate it. Tell Alexi get well soon  MH.
ID	3	SNL after party
ID	3	Just saw Star Trek...one word: BombTastic!!! Go see it if you haven't already. P.S. I love Jon Cho!!! Haha
ID	3	Not quite sure what ace of cakes is or are. Gosh I'm tired. Loved bride wars. Fun night.
ID	3	Happy Moms day y'all!
ID	3	Excited for enfest yaaaay
ID	3	@jmascia yay i found u!! i had a great time tonight!
ID	2	@Bella_in_Forks ::static:: I know! I've barely seen anyone since I got into Paris yesterday.  I've just been walking around.  ::static::
ID	3	@heidiheartshugs that's cool. Well if you need any more help regarding that, Google is your friend. Plenty of info on that!
ID	3	@lakersnation a celtics-lakers rematch sounds better don't you think? lol
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wl05 - I love this picture, hate this kid. But hey, he's looking at me...lol
ID	3	- God i'm up early. Hayley still asleep but today is party day so i'm getting stuff ready.  x
ID	3	@beach_girl3 awww its your b day?!?!?! Ahhh have a party!!! lol and invite me
ID	3	At the coast. Too many people here i know.  i love you Nicci!
ID	3	@souljaboytellem say Hi Nikki pleaseeeeee...lol.   (Soulja Boy Tell 'Em LIVE live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
ID	3	my legs are soft  watching a move with my mommm short day @ workk
ID	2	I'm off to bed. Head just won't stop giving me pain. ahgg.. Let this sinus, allergy, whatever you are be over tomorrow! Sogni D'oro
ID	3	@joshcough Also it has a dense treatment of CPS and Continuation based Interpreter design, which is not there in SICP. Good to have both
ID	2	no clue wtf im doing
ID	3	says my new layout is so cute x) see the cuties ? hahahah  http://plurk.com/p/suqp6
ID	3	thought Yes Man was good  had a blast with old friends tonight and heard some great music
ID	2	the day after.... I`m not sick but a little tierd...a bit to much to drink, but I had fun!
ID	3	@JaiAsh anytime  that's what Im here for *giggles*
ID	3	@Jorge924 well i'm expecting you for dinner lol.  Jelly Beans for dessert?   have a good night  $teph&lt;3
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day! --  http://bit.ly/LRSnG  Mother Lover - J-Tim &amp; Andy Samberg video, hilarious
ID	2	@skooter88 me neither at first...but u gotta go thru somethin first to get there lmao...i almost burnt my house down and that set me str8
ID	3	Finally cleaned my bedroom. I can see the carpet again   Hurray!
ID	4	Shower is taken. It is in the room right by the bed. Yeasterday we had the shower on the balcony, with sea wiew, that was a bit nicer
ID	3	On my way home...today was UBER funn..seriously a great day..i love my family
ID	2	We're home now
ID	3	ima go to sleep now. good night. dnt let the bed bugs bite. haha.
ID	3	Beautiful Day..takn it down twitters  tell ALL mothers Happy Mothers Day
ID	3	@TheBeast32 oh okay cool, i love the fast and the furious can't wait to see the new one
ID	3	Studying like crazy in hopes of acing all of my exams!!!!!
ID	3	@faeriegal713 Yep, finished, chocked full of spelling and grammatical errors, but I'm cleaning it up tomorrow and popping it up  hehe
ID	2	@shadowsinstone And I'm listening.
ID	3	@whitsundays lol! l love your tweets! Keep them coming
ID	3	@divinediva1 Norwood house party haaaaaa... Yaaaaaaay (smiles)
ID	3	happy mothers' day to all your moms!
ID	3	watching men n blk 2, wishin all the mums happy mother's day
ID	3	I win? You now must call
ID	3	Well friends we just got in and it has been a long day, hope all is going good &amp; every one is happy. All our love Night nite
ID	3	Going to Newtown soon. (Y)
ID	3	just finished dinner - it was yummy
ID	3	oh how i love texting my drunk friends  hahahaha
ID	3	Limo Rides into the City for Dinner, Cruises on the Harbour, Makeovers &amp; Foot/Back Massages *yay* .. hope the fellas can get some of that
ID	3	butterfly fly away- miley ray  , oh &amp; happy mothers day &lt;3 love u mami.
ID	3	Chillin.. Uploadinng The Videos I Took On [MySpace].  The Showw Was Awesomme!
ID	3	My industrial is repierced, and I made a cute little friend
ID	2	I have a crush on this guy at my job, name is tyler and his eyes are blue and very mesmerizing and he is too cool. Nite
ID	3	hahaha yay emily i m cool  @emilystack
ID	3	I find this tune to be very sexy. Smooth... have a lovely day  ? http://blip.fm/~5yzb6
ID	2	i'm staying up to watch it
ID	3	@lmpotter You're very welcome
ID	3	sweet spice girls sing along w good friends
ID	3	Goodnight peoples!
ID	2	tried  to sleep but i cant bout 2 call tisha
ID	3	went on a ride to tortilla flats this morning with @wookiesgirl, a little warm, but a nice ride none the less
ID	3	is a sleepyhead. looking forward to tomorrow. i love his family.
ID	3	@SarrahRae HAHAH you know you loved the hannah montana movie  it was aweesome
ID	4	strongly agrees with Jason about Wolverine, but not about Hugh Jackman.  Sorry. No kids for this Mouse.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day Mom! I love You!
ID	2	@wonderdra IT SHALL BE MINE!! IT SHALL... BE MINE!!! *raises eyebrows*
ID	3	@peteypinata as a nj native, i thank u
ID	3	@kristenstewart9 WOW, I can't believe u reached the Facebook limit for # of friends! Crazy!!
ID	3	Twitter is useful in that it reminds people what they forgot to ask me about on a given day. It is also excellent for inspiration
ID	3	@gregxgore Make her something. Buying something is too impersonal. She's your mom!
ID	0	Just wanted to say, positivity is doin me good! Change it up! Won't regret it... Forsure..
ID	1	Just wanted to say, positivity is doin me good! Change it up! Won't regret it... Forsure..
ID	3	@peebilicious and @emnguyens: Aww, thank you!  I love you girls&lt;333333
ID	3	iced coffee and vanilla ice cream UBER SICK MIX
ID	3	Done at Disneyland, kid's knocked out, stopped by the hotel bar and grabbed a grey goose &amp; tonic on the way up...peace
ID	3	says Happy Mother's Day!  http://plurk.com/p/suqsg
ID	3	@DawnRichard beautiful inside and out kids like you and que.. ILY guyz  wish i could have met you while you are here in houston...
ID	3	happy mother's day to all the moms out there. i hope i never join that crowd
ID	3	i'm tired but i'm in a good moood
ID	3	Goin to bed... Finally. So sleepy! *Happy mothers day!*
ID	3	@darkgracie nice song, where did it come from ?
ID	3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
ID	3	@helloheartbreak Thanks bb.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day.
ID	3	wow I just had a two hour conversation with someone on omegle. it was amazing
ID	3	@shaktijs http://twitpic.com/4wkym - Looks Yummy...I can haz smal pies pleess??
ID	3	@Meylanie what about the dilfs? Oh wait, wrong month....HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
ID	3	Had a fantastic day at the beach. Thanks friends  xoxo.
ID	3	Going home. Hope one of you out there saw the play.
ID	3	Happy mother's day to all the moms
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mommys out there
ID	3	@whoaaitskristi OMG THAT'S AWESOME. this is the first time ever i'm not seeing it the day it comes out. Demi is taking over my day. haha
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day! ..ok..seriously..good night
ID	3	cannot sleep i'm SUPER DUPER DUPER excited pour la PARIS.  the love city.
ID	3	@FeFa1 hola chica! hopefully ur on your third dream by now. ur cake looks wonderful, ur mami will &lt;3 it
ID	3	Good morning &amp; a very happy mothers day to all those lovely moms across the pond
ID	3	@citycynic Sounds good to me! No more cleaning cynics orders. Haha. Good night. Talk tomorrow.
ID	3	@nkotbworshiper me too... it goes to my phone so all night long sometimes my phone is blowing up... so nice to wake up to!
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight Aww thanks jon that's very thoughtful...u know how to make the ladies feel special
ID	4	@vautrin tis' cool..I still stand by my former proclamation! I'm just stubborn that way! #rebellioustwitwhoknowsacoolcatcook lol
ID	3	break from packing. watching the office  Pam: &quot;I had just woken up. I didn't look cute. That's how I knew he meant it.&quot;
ID	3	@nettagyrl Thanks, it's just too good for TV, simple as that.  #dollhouse
ID	3	@saraeatscake made me want taco bell, damn you sara! oh well now i'm going to go change into my jammies now.
ID	3	@NicciSnail I'll most definitely write about it! I look forward to your article on RE5 (if you do write about it) It should be fun.
ID	3	is about to go buy his mother a mother's day gift
ID	2	ONE MO TIME BECUZ @AmazingSha HASNT SEEN IT YET!!! AND SHES SOO DAMN COOL, ILL POST IT JUST 4 HER  http://bbltwt.com/0mqko
ID	3	I love my Maitu. N she loves me. Happy mothers day mama!
ID	3	akissforjersey is amazing&lt;3 sooo soothing.
ID	3	@rochelline http://twitpic.com/4wl5b - she is just adorable
ID	3	off to bed I go..have a great Mom's Day all you moms!
ID	2	Christian doesn't have a Twitter...But he has a cell phone  Hahah..I'm bored.
ID	3	Pulled out the breakfast sausage for Mothers Day. Hopefully the baby sleeps in
ID	4	Just got home i love stake and shake milkshakes
ID	3	@amberchase ~ We voted! You have 760 now.
ID	3	Good days with good friends make me not regret living
ID	3	Shopping day.. headin to central chidlom and siam
ID	3	freedom
ID	3	@mikexjeezxx I think I've heard of that song. I'll listen to it tomorrow.
ID	3	@Aubergine006 I still have plenty of food left here! Thanks for coming over, I can't wait to see how the pictures came out
ID	3	@FanInfo Absolutely! Just have a good backup for Romo for December.
ID	3	happy mother's day to all thee mamas out there!
ID	4	@kevinpollak  We forgive you and we have missed you!
ID	3	@jenstier Ooooh, that's very pretty Jen! I'm sure she'll love it!
ID	3	Mom, where ever you are; Happy Mothers day
ID	0	EFF THAT NOISE!
ID	1	EFF THAT NOISE!
ID	3	Watched Adaptation, Interiors, and The Women (1939). All in all, good movie night. Breakfast with dad and kelley in the morning
ID	4	@kixsal The Star Trek in IMAX wasn't in 3D, but it was huge on the screen.  Still worth watching.
ID	3	11:11 pm Perrrfect universal alignment.    &lt;33
ID	3	Your the supporter  its totally up to you
ID	2	That was crap.
ID	4	Im so done defending him. Im going to bed and im gonna give my mom a happy mothers day.  at least ill try.
ID	3	Just got done turning in my pre-final project for my computer animation class. Final is due on Tues. Only 2 more classes or 6 more weeks.
ID	3	@i420TRUE THANKUS
ID	3	@phaoloo Thank you so much phaoloo !!!!
ID	3	Great find @NicciSnail  http://amanita-design.net/samorost-1/
ID	3	No matter what I ALWAYS find out the truth.
ID	3	life's good
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL YOU MOMS!!!!!
ID	2	Had a lovely day with mama cuppy
ID	3	@HungryGirl That's too bad, the movie's really pretty good.  We weren't scared away even by the people in costume.
ID	2	@drhorrible http://twitpic.com/4w8ja - aw you guys all look adorable, but Felicia you look a little demonic...
ID	3	@tiffany_celeste  finally some sleep in silence
ID	3	@fiercemichi, love your background, I just might have to copy it
ID	3	TODAY WAS SOO FUN!!  happy bday chrissy &lt;3
ID	3	@SJSharksfan haha i agree ! i am her test dummy. i just go in and say &quot;do whatever you want&quot; and i always love it.  she is magic!
ID	4	@brabakr   ...Thank you Mr. President!....
ID	3	i'm just sooo in love....i think
ID	3	IT'S MOTHER'S DAY
ID	3	happy mum's day! i kinduhh have a major crush on alex johnson from the cab
ID	3	What better way to spoil mum than to let her kick back and relax over a nice meal and a bottle of her favorite wine? Our wine was a red
ID	2	@megdia tweet often and it'll draw followers to you
ID	2	Do you wanna talk
ID	3	just got home. went to totoro cafe (finally) for the first time ever. i liked it! what a colorful place. such a happy atmosphere
ID	3	@linnraz home for 4 months  or less. depending on how fast i get bored, hahs.
ID	2	Planning tomorrow's special breakfast Ima cook for mom  she's gona get so happy
ID	3	legs are still numb from journey to atlantis+coldness... buttt it was an awesome day
ID	3	AHHH - Whatchu talkin baby?  HAHAHA I cant believe youu:O heh, actually I can. Life is worth taking risks... http://tumblr.com/xs81qy54s
ID	3	@PhillyD I love your show! I've subscribed and following your tweets. Can't wait to see more
ID	2	@lynne08 okie,thanks ill check it out
ID	3	@JaimeMcKnight YAY!!!!   I have Mark issues, too...you'll find I have A LOT of issues.   lmao
ID	3	Two fantastic shows in a row
ID	3	@notlikemedicine Nice! That sounds great! Let me know when and where.
ID	3	@wstmjonathan cool, so if you could help make that happen, &amp; make sure it happens at least once in houston, that'd be great. k? thanks.
ID	3	@YoScottie Btw, I smile everytime I see ur smiling face on ur profile here. &quot;Grins&quot;  Damn ur cute.
ID	3	Wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day.  xoxo
ID	3	I'm one tough momma. Put together a swing set for Tammy allll by myself today!  My hubby would be so proud of me. :]
ID	4	bye daddy!! see you on tuesday
ID	3	At myhouse with the girls tonight
ID	3	@Tidus Yes, you make me want to be a better person, think I mentioned it before, will continue to do so. I'm still EVIL tho!
ID	3	listening to MCR, watching DVD's, chocolate hehe  awesome
ID	2	Happy Mothers Day!  Love your Mom...
ID	3	posted a few pics of my college on my myspace www.myspace.com/katieheidie
ID	3	@ddlovato My mum loved the Camp Rock mothers day card I gave her. I knew she would. Happy Mothers Day from New Zealand! Haha ILY lots  xx
ID	2	@lolove and i got hello kitty tattoos!  she's a ballerina and i'm a ladybug
ID	4	@Britneyspears : For the Record is still the saddest thing to watch. &quot;I'm gonna go through life like the karate kid&quot;...and so am I.
ID	3	@akarra if you weren't &quot;picky&quot; (=precise) i might not find you as interesting to talk to
ID	2	Semi-intoxicated Tweet
ID	3	@Smoo409 oh my gosh, loved it!
ID	3	@xjam13x LOL. Wow. That's good.  Haha I still can't believe it's mother's day.
ID	3	@contrarygirl Hoooray!  I'm hooked already
ID	2	home! day scale from one to ten is an 8  damn i feel old compare to him, haha so cute.
ID	3	@jovenatheart Great!
ID	3	Well goodnight all my twitter bugs sleep well
ID	3	@stompthewalrus oh ok  good ... now i will jump for joy! M, you just made my day
ID	0	An extra night in pasadena with sergi baby cuz i 'missed' my train to riverside
ID	1	An extra night in pasadena with sergi baby cuz i 'missed' my train to riverside
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day  Breakfast With The Fam &lt;33
ID	3	Whatever you're thankful for in life, make sure you are most thankful to your mother. Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers.
ID	3	i love my babe so much, he really means a lot to me
ID	3	What I Meant to Say: At Yardhouse, Waikiki. @lilredbow 's bday @djjmytaco @mixmasterb @mcfloppyears (she Should DJ!) &amp; some dozen others
ID	3	juss came backk from Berkeleyy ; omg its madd fun out there  havent been out there in a minute . whassqoodd ?
ID	3	can't wait to see 'Transformers 2'.. C'me on, Shia! Yippiee!
ID	3	just woke up from a 16-hour sleep. happy mother's day!
ID	3	@CarnivoSpouse We Agree!! You guy rock
ID	3	ugh my head, when will all the headaches stop. anyways, i love my life right now, i couldn't ask for anything more. i love being happy
ID	3	Sleeeep. Good day, nice night, comfy bed.
ID	3	@ankita_gaba haha I think we should let the topic drop now. a quick poll would settle the matter if you don't believe me
ID	2	AHHHH my keyboards getting worse :/ my BDAY's in 1 more day
ID	3	Heading to XS with Nadia!! Yeee!
ID	3	started her new job today! aaand so stoked for may long..  and billy is awesome.
ID	3	home! i dont know what im doing tmrw besides the whole mommys day thing. but then what? feeling awesome  NIGHT YOU GUYS
ID	3	@MistahFAB Peace Bro, thanks for not just the music, but proudly representing as a father all over - Happy Mother's Day
ID	4	I fucking love Alexander William Gaskarth
ID	3	@jameswhitaker Umm most def  We should have a fun Houston day together and then hopefully it'll turn into a Houston night... hehe
ID	3	@moonfrye HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!! You're my fave celeb to follow
ID	3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
ID	3	Just joined Twitter hehe
ID	3	@NikkiBenz The Hulk, great movie  You might recognize Toronto's Younge Street in some of the fight scenes.
ID	3	@PlayForKeeps I made my parents add u guys on the family myspace...they were impressed by the song.
ID	3	Just got Back from the Gym Wanna chat with some new people  Lets talk! haha
ID	3	@billbergstrom Looks like a great time!  Happy Birthday to the bd girl
ID	3	Yay my friend Glen is here. Now i'm like this
ID	3	is starting to love twitter!!! Facebook-detox diet is working great
ID	3	Wishing all the mommies a happy mother's day
ID	3	playing guitar hero, waiting for Abby to text me after prom
ID	2	Surely you have guessed, the Arbiter is no other than Judith.
ID	3	6moredays.6moredays. yay.yay. taken is nearly finished  better be good
ID	4	@suzyqbee He says he feels mama tucking him in at night  He's lonely but getting by. Tomorrow will be tough!
ID	2	and it is raining in Denver. of COURSE it is
ID	3	@JoesGaGirl You'd have him sweating and shaking, baby.
ID	3	had a nice mother's day with mum. she liked her presents. wondering if i'll ever see some one again. talking to sisa.
ID	3	@aileen2u2 and yep, you've converted me to Blip.  Been great to hear a lot of others suggestions - some pretty great stuff!
ID	3	The stress of recital is gone!!  It went so well  And Star Trek is my new favorite movie!!! I wish I was in space =/
ID	3	my 6th wedding anniversary today... so lucky to have such a gorgeous wife
ID	3	back home in palmdale. in bed with my mommy
ID	3	totally just got hit on by one of her bar guests! Ha ha...Yay me!
ID	3	Huge test at the parents' house. The food is so good, but stuck to one helping, no seconds. Feels good.
ID	3	has gone through about 6 tea bags , call me obbsessed , i say thirsty
ID	3	@TsunamiWavin Lol  i know
ID	3	says Happy Mother's Day!  http://plurk.com/p/sutar
ID	3	@SevFletcher exercise is what u make of it. Walk, run, bike, blade, skate, surf, JUST DO IT  feels gooooooood
ID	3	@cara_rosaen i LOVE your new bracelets!! im a very proud sista...you rock, girly
ID	3	To all the gorgeous moms out there, Happy Mom's Daaay!
ID	3	@mOi_UAE wth! .. 9_9 hello you
ID	3	@kidthings yeah it does...i had fun today...i regret not taking that cup now...it was awesome...i must find one just like it now
ID	3	Funtime was not a lot of fun!! But finally done with it
ID	4	@Lozingsleep Damn, that charming skater look is kind of....HOT! A hot mess  Catherine pls don't hate me for hitting on your friends. tnx
ID	3	Ocean sounds cd
ID	3	#PhpEd 5.6 running successfuly via #wine , now to get EMS running
ID	3	@ChicagoGirl Gotcha.  My place is Atlantic side.  Better for surfing   Plus I like to be close to the crazy foreign restaurants. Mmm, FL.
ID	3	@urbanlifepoetry haha. thanks for listening to me rant on and on about nothing!  have a good NIGHT?
ID	3	@xxcharrrs aw anytime, boo. I realized that all I need to have some fun are you guys.  We should change our pics to the poofy hair ones!
ID	3	HAHA! Follow john mayer..he's a pretty funny guy  I want to move to L.A .... it's so much more fun!
ID	2	@Karen230683 @amysav83 remember and drink plenty of fluids! and no buwieser dose not count!
ID	3	I am now Vice President of Social and Cultural Affairs at Southwestern College
ID	3	yay new computer to fiddle about with
ID	3	@illegalvenez Mmm, comfort junk food. That sounds good. I always preferred Wingstop
ID	3	@souljaboytellem gimme some ! i wanna try it   (Soulja Boy Tell 'Em LIVE live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
ID	3	@Steven_Morales I like you. I mean as a random person, because I obviously don't know you. but. we think alike
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day
ID	3	Yesssssssssss! A rocket to the moon is  going on warped!
ID	3	@RM16JB haha, yeahh. im still following u tho,
ID	3	@touringtenting I don't mind him not paying rent. I'm just over the moon at the idea of him moving out at least 12 years early
ID	2	has anyone else seen this? the @twitter DM notification email says &quot;reply on we web.&quot; i am all for cool accents, but it's weird online
ID	3	@RedRosePetals  God bless that oh-so-sexy rahul picture
ID	2	@_AlexaJordan sigh. come to Sac please. it is the Miami of the central valley.
ID	3	@mileycyrus HI!  I'm Eunice Kyna! I'm a HUGE fan of yours! Can't wait for your next album! ;)
ID	3	@kootoyoo Thank you Kirst - your posts on running inspired me
ID	3	@brendanvalencia where and when is your next show? or upcoming ones? i really want to see you guys
ID	2	that's enough! I'll do nothing for 2 hours.
ID	3	@babygirlparis all ur pic it's so nice  look so cute..oh!!
ID	3	@ztnewetnorb haha me either but like ive always loved hilary  shes the girl id turn gay for  haha
ID	3	@KielysWorld you are such a great person.
ID	3	@vampire_peter let's smoke and watched dazed and confused. that's a perfect pizza movie too
ID	3	mum's day - ended up being happy  not that it's my day or anything....
ID	3	ready for a day full of His presence  i'm expecting the best!
ID	3	@ThaBoyOPhicial  Good eatin.   Hey, follow my son @P33ZY.  He's on now
ID	3	@steve_berra happy birthday!
ID	3	happy  made 23 necklaces in 24 hours lol Happy Mother's Day to all the Mother's out there
ID	3	@vansunder is making me hot chocolate with almond milk.  Mother Day festivities is starting early!
ID	3	@Kevin_Ross if you look at the js code in facebook you will notice a few js functions...nahh just kidding, a buddy told me
ID	3	@souljaboytellem will u say shoutout to NIKKI!!! please   (Soulja Boy Tell 'Em LIVE live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
ID	3	? ALREADY FINISHED CHATTING . HAHA ..  ?
ID	3	@moonfrye i would think ANYTHING that the kids had a hand in helping with would be EXTRA special!
ID	3	@SpoiledMommy thanks  it was one of those goofy in the bathroom self taken dorky shot, ha ha. Hope you have a wonderful mommies day!
ID	3	I'm the proud aunt of baby Afrikaah Itzel 7.9 lbs 20.2 in
ID	3	@mrskutcher Happy Mother's Day! I hope you have an awesome day...and a good rest of the night
ID	3	Officially Mother Day here HAPPY Mother Day to all the MOMS
ID	3	@Corrina2008 your bitches miss you!!!!
ID	3	happy mother's day
ID	3	After 42 hours of not sleeping it is time for bed. Alaska-so far so good
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day!!
ID	3	awesomeness....she comes my way...lol..dun dun dun!
ID	3	just missing you&amp;hoping to talk to you soon..I'm so happy you're mine again, though  You have no idea..&lt;3
ID	3	cant contain myself, tooooooo excited
ID	3	@michaelBchevre and all chevre: please follow me at @elishevabalas for chevre only   I'm using @eliseven for public tweeting!  Thanks!
ID	3	I am excited to be home  finally a week and a weekend with people i know
ID	3	so bryan was at the sweet 15 and i didnt think we were gonna talk but towards the end of the night we talked
ID	3	@nice_argie Yes I am
ID	2	It's great to be home! Temp is chill, cat is great and I feel awesome
ID	3	@officialTila Thanks for the interview mama!  Enjoy your night
ID	3	Traveling faster than light might actually be possible. (space.com http://bit.ly/7Ex4J ) yeah, enterprise we'r comin'
ID	3	@09Casper oooooo. i like that too! anywhere near mommy is good for me.
ID	3	@bicegirl555 thanks!!
ID	3	@rjramos very cool
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day! It's gonna be an awesome and blessed day! Getting ready for bed... for a beautiful and sunny Sunday...
ID	4	@elf_princess69 hehehe! Barry Killer! U need a pic
ID	3	watching my favorite tv shows on HULU.com for free
ID	3	@DarryleP LOL! I do splurge on chocolate now and then.  And I plan on splurging a little tomorrow!
ID	3	@awesomerthanyou Memphis and RCW both have all new songs.  should be good.
ID	2	Wondering if I shouldn't be gettin to bed about now...
ID	3	Went to mikey's cousin's wedding. His mom caught the bouquet.
ID	3	went OUT 4 a meet up &amp; MAY B hangin &amp; or hittin a club or bar   IF the car holds up LOL :-P
ID	3	@MikeTattoos LOL...oh, man, can I un-twit something? haha! I mean my lean mean fighting machine. I sooo can't believe you called me out!
ID	2	ahhh twitter, I havent seen you all day
ID	2	@JennyBax I'm with ya on that one girl!
ID	2	@theamazon111 Plenty of good trivia on wikihow. Just trying to help  hope u got to sleep by now.
ID	3	@loa_ricardo road movies indies rule  haha
ID	3	At the Spoke Club - fell in love with Tom Arnold all over again (not Rosie's ex definitely different)... Lucky moi
ID	2	@chore4n yeah... WE STILL NEEDA HANG OUT! Lol. I's glad you had a super time at the show
ID	3	finally got a twitter  follow me tweets &lt;3
ID	3	@JJRogue I have an interview on tuesday so things are turning around I think!! yay! so dont worry!  And Japsicans are a rare breed. ;)
ID	3	@steve_berra happy bday stevie bee...and if u want followers u have to get a little more tweety  may babies r the best! i'm the 12th
ID	3	Thanks @TheCampain for shoutin out my mom today  She also says thanks!
ID	2	OK - so I can't sleep...  Twitter it is
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day Mum
ID	2	@shawtysoDOPE who can do it like we? Noboddddyyyy
ID	3	happy mamas day to all the baby mamas... and the baby mamas mamas
ID	3	Watching the best movie ever: The NeverEnding Story!  I wish my babbby was with me, though.
ID	4	watching the original sabrina the teenage witch movie. so different from the series but so rad
ID	3	I want to wish HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to my two favorite moms in the world: My own mom of course  and my sister!!! HAPPY MOM'S DAY TO YOU TWO!
ID	3	@aileen2u2 It's pretty perfect eh! Yes We Cannabis!  I saw some of those signs at the Global Marijuana March too.
ID	3	@cherrytreerec hows the peas doin? if you meet them, tell them i said hello
ID	2	Theres nothing like your own pillow.
ID	3	Just finished Church. Happy Mother's Day!
ID	2	Church is in 8 hours! I better hurry up so I can get some sleep!
ID	3	@Commander_Cool yep here's hoping
ID	3	@unitechy good luck.. Finally your long time will of panvel tweetup finally coming true..
ID	3	@ThriftyMamaB for lack of having to go do my own hunt (lol) can you refresh my memory on which one is clue #2?
ID	2	@laurafraley01 if only I had half the drive you had!!!  You are my idol
ID	3	@souljaboytellem SHOUT OUT TO NIKKI....PLEASSSEEE   (Soulja Boy Tell 'Em LIVE live &gt; http://ustre.am/2UhS)
ID	3	Going to Scandic to have more food  (and learn about leadership of course)
ID	3	loves the new Mother's Day snl digital short, mother lover, oohhhh cornyness
ID	3	Time to nap w/my giant, early birthday present, Pooh Bear stuffed animal
ID	2	Saturday Night Live in 3 minutes  Jimmy should still be on it.
ID	3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
ID	3	@thiscouldbefun Happy Mother's Day! Hope you have an awesome time with the Bug
ID	3	@serenajwilliams Hi Serena just want to say good luck in Madrid and Paris this month
ID	3	WiSHiNG ALL THE MOTHERS A HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY
ID	3	Laughing for no reason...maybe its because its 2:27 and I'm tired, haha. Maybe i should go to bed  Night!
ID	3	Goodnight, good morning and HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! Visit my profile to see my silly offspring.Its funny, the love of my life picks his nose!
ID	3	@reenna96 My long lost friend!
ID	4	@geneva_rockett i know! And he laughed at the stupid 'women's right's' joke. Wth! Glad we have the same humor!
ID	3	@BumbleBeeBree He says thank you
ID	3	I love Google's Mothers day theme  http://tr.im/jtl8
ID	2	@mrskutcher Years ago, my brother saw you and Bruce walking on the sidewalk in Sanibel. I used to live on Pine Is. Great place
ID	3	Exhausted to the tee.. So i'm knocking out! Nighty night tweety birds
ID	3	@scorpfromhell Well said
ID	3	: Happy Mother's Day
ID	3	@cager83 wow I love it !!! thanks
ID	3	@djR3Z okay just checking!
ID	3	@IAmCattSadler Catt i TOTALLY love your default picture! You seem like such a fun mom!
ID	3	@DjSpeedDaGreat good shit homie, hahahahaha thats what im talkin about  ;)
ID	3	Okay Im going to bed..Toodles twitts i've had my fun for the day
ID	3	Happy Mothers day  with my boy of the doom! (my dog xD)
ID	3	@natalietran I did really like that http://tinyurl.com/c63mhr reminds  a little of my favor hfw
ID	4	@CHACITY has more followers than me. I wanna be as cool as her. Follow her so that will never happen.
ID	3	@tallivansunder Too easy! Happy Mother's Day, to a great mom!
ID	2	Less than 99 days til warped tour.
ID	3	@bceband i cant wait to see you guys @ hq on sunday!!
ID	3	// sounders game tomorrow! and mother's day
ID	2	@vobes WE Quite Like Worthing its a relaxing place with nice coffee shops and fresh air.. and not too many Oiks
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wmaw - pink.green.. Love it.!
ID	3	@hitechhall I love the site what a hoot, really enjoy the hair cuts in Thailand, always try to time ir just right, thanks for the tip
ID	3	my phone keeps beeping at me... thanks alan and speeeeeen!
ID	3	Is...Sayin Happy Mother's Day 2 Everyone!!!!!
ID	3	@veropperez great!!  i've gpt tp put the lyrics in, finsih the background, then go over some writing, and then done!!
ID	3	@CaseLynn Not us as far as I know  hee hee. We're thinking a few more years first .
ID	3	great reason!! @Karuna: &quot;I'll be there  @rkmonkey: &quot;trying to find an excuse to go to LA for 5/22 show @mello... ? http://blip.fm/~5z0dc
ID	3	@michaelmagical Been crazy busy here! *grins* It's Mother's Day weekend. Lots of my abies sending me well wishes
ID	3	Happy Mama's day to all mothers
ID	3	@jtimberlake Yay!  SNL is on!
ID	3	@jtug all the photos  niceeeee
ID	3	@JaybzS Hi! We get to try out new restos..so yea, it fuunn  Let's have dinner when you get back!
ID	3	watching miss cytheria
ID	3	happy almost mother's day
ID	3	MY best 'thing' on the planet
ID	3	GOT MY RITE EAR PEIRCED! brother got his first peircing, his left ear. I also got 2 new septum bars, one is a  black c bar with balls!
ID	3	is going to bed soon. happy mothers day to all the mothers  &lt;333 ryan less than 3 weeks :]
ID	3	whohoo!  Erin just got accepted to Ottawa U nursing school at the Algonquin Pembroke campus.  I just may get my girl back
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS IN THE WORLD ESPECIALLY THE TWEETER MOMS
ID	3	Has finally learned how to think before he speaks. And it works wonders
ID	3	@alyssacalderon  I love you too! I'm kinds reading. But you can call if you'd like
ID	3	Watching scary movies with Ruby and Michael
ID	3	Alright gang. Gotta go park with family for an hour. Back then  Mwahs to yu if you head to bed before then
ID	3	Goodnight Beautiful world  sweet dreams. olive juice!
ID	2	@blawnoxgirl Yes, we will! We should maybe do it in a DM though so we don't annoy our followers. Thought of that too late.    Good night!
ID	2	@chrisettefan the step show was fantabulous! (hi @lcsweets !) my sis's group won 2nd in their division and 2nd in the show overall! WHOO!
ID	2	@meyen: You MUST watch Grey's. It was their 100th episode. Let me know once you do. I don't want to give out any more details
ID	3	@jwdilla I'm glad you've been having fun babe
ID	3	Mother's Day family dinner on a rainy Sunday night
ID	3	@ShelbyCohen mothers day gift
ID	2	Ha we made it safely home
ID	3	@missxlellabelle mon ami since 5 years young  I loveeee her. Foreverrr
ID	3	Heavenly Donuts at 11:30 at night...sounds like a heavenly match to me.  SIYAL8R
ID	0	what am i doing drinking a shitload of water to get rid off me hangover then training at 9am
ID	1	what am i doing drinking a shitload of water to get rid off me hangover then training at 9am
ID	3	Ah wokking was great. You could eat as much ice cream as you what. I never eat so much ice cream in my life...
ID	3	@ggw_bach Thank you for YOUR positive energy + contributions here!
ID	3	@swamwine Yeah! Thanks! I'll be back in soon to see what ya got!
ID	3	great night hangin out with my family... mom and dad loved the extra company tonight!  can't wait for FRC Pcola Tomorrow
ID	3	@sirlance16  Hope ur havin fun in da club
ID	3	I have seen Star Trek, so now you guys can't spoil it  If you haven't seen it, Go. Go now.
ID	3	@beverly Thanks love  They are much better today.
ID	3	is eating lunch at Sushi Tei, Sency yum! met Ghina earlier
ID	3	i beat aye to the music hall.  babyy, im like the cinnamon that beat the apple to the apple jacks.
ID	3	Tinkling the ivory keys on a grand piano tomorrow. The small things in life that keep me excited!
ID	3	Im free at last, tomorrow I get to remember what Sundays look like
ID	3	The battle at Minas Tirith is still very impressive. Return of the Jedi is the best Lord of the Rings movie IMO.
ID	3	4 hours of shopping over... good effort. Best part = chocolate shop.... YUJM!!!... yum even
ID	3	first day of work: sucessful  i didnt do anything stupid or hurt/embarrass myself too much...
ID	3	Headed out at 6 today, shopped for Mother's Day gifts. I love B&amp;BWs new scents ? AND finished my book I bought yesterday.
ID	3	Covering my portfolio to send to my *dream job* in ny! Send good vibes!
ID	3	back in Durango. Chaperoning a party. interesting. catching up on my internet surfing and drinking a woodchuck. ha.
ID	3	@inkrediblenyc hey Lonnie! I'll be there next weekend  I can't wait.
ID	2	following some body on twitter
ID	2	It's not even cold here, but im wearin a big jacket! It's got cat ears on it
ID	3	watching HGTV at 236am lol wtf must love me some home decor
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there.
ID	3	@ikonora Have a great night!
ID	3	although @pickupshanan (Volterra) is killing it right now here in la
ID	3	@error505 - well i greatly appreciate your comment.  That means a lot to me.  I'm working on both of them...work in progress, you know.
ID	3	just had an orgasmic sandwich
ID	3	@Makaio8688 Will you uh, marry me?  haha just kidding. Kind of. You're hot though. Just so you know.
ID	2	hung out with Misty today!!!
ID	3	home now!
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day to all the mom's around  Hope you have a wonderful day!
ID	3	@antdeshawn awww thank u. Feels good to be here
ID	3	@BB517 YES he just said for 2 more hours
ID	3	Good Morning Everyone
ID	3	okay, I'm back to painting! will check in with you guys again soon!
ID	3	Just want to wish everyond a Happy Mother's Day. Hope it's a great one!
ID	3	Night all!! i'm trying to get to bed early for once...well as early as 1:40 can be for a normal person...
ID	3	Probably the best birthday I've ever had. I got to spend it with all my favorite people.
ID	4	going to sleep now...5/10/09 &gt; Happy Mother's Day...&amp;...Happy Birthday to ME!!!
ID	3	Happy mothers day to all the mommies
ID	2	@mmitchelldaviss Hello, I see your online, can u talk to me pleeez!  From a fellow BAMF. lol
ID	3	@RaineRomano yay for bj and lorraine amd their baby! hahaha
ID	3	@jamie_oliver Please pass on our &quot;happy mothers day&quot; to Julz. Have fun with your girls
ID	3	@Suzyqbee10 thank you very much!!!
ID	3	happy superwomans day !
ID	3	SNL hosted by Justin Timberlake startssssssssssss NOW!!  WOOHOO!!
ID	2	@robyn3890 it was way worse than that ...and where were you why didnt you say hello?
ID	3	loving that spring definitely seems to be here now
ID	3	@journik LOL!  That is just the way I was brought up.
ID	3	is liking this feeling
ID	3	@verwon was that sass I detect?  As long as it isn't back sass! Haha
ID	3	damn...Ive gotten so much packed up already lmao, well little shit anyway. Either way, I have a good start
ID	2	@Twilighter_OfOz cool, catch you laterz!!!
ID	3	@dmcox fantastic day in the AZ sun
ID	3	my first 'star trek' anything was really entertaining.. now if I can just see Harold fly the enterprise to 'white castle'
ID	3	@WaDuRosario yay! you should do it. just think about the animals and it's not as hard
ID	3	@fiascowines good luck with the deer next weekend!! Hope it isn't too cold or snowy
ID	2	@IdolScott That is so great Scott!  So glad to hear it went well   People just love you!!  I'd sure have been there if I were closer.
ID	3	Happy to have a Sunday off from work
ID	3	I still can't believe the Matt McCoy interview got 255 views!! Twitter truly is....AWESOME!
ID	3	Restoring new iTouch 2.  Excited to use it. Yeeeeeeeee. Goodbye iTouch 1.
ID	2	Restoring new iTouch 2.  Excited to use it. Yeeeeeeeee. Goodbye iTouch 1.
ID	3	is gonna shower, and take a nap...very tired...
ID	2	@DOOMBUG Totally single.
ID	3	family bbq today &amp; my fave cousin comes too
ID	3	just finished baking some cinnamon rolls   soooo yummy!
ID	3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
ID	3	Show gratitude when someone does something nice for you... A small &quot;Thanks&quot; goes a long way  ~ @Mike_Wesely   #twitip
ID	3	goodnight to all.
ID	3	Going to watch Monster-In-Law at 3PM today
ID	3	@TDBeadles as to sleeping with whom ? You have your rocking sheets  I hope the smoothness is endulging can't wait for my blankets)
ID	3	@jamie_oliver And the other half of the twitterers are enjoying what the wonderful Sunday afternoon has to offer
ID	3	super duber high! this klondike bar is thee business.
ID	2	@ionlydrumnaked i've done that before, don't worry. you're not too crazy.
ID	3	i wanna be in michi with my moma!! Love you Mom
ID	0	Stupid liars. Glad they are ignorant, because I had a blast!!
ID	1	Stupid liars. Glad they are ignorant, because I had a blast!!
ID	3	@krystynchong Hello Krystyn  have a great Mother's Day celebrations
ID	3	KERI HILSON- SLOW DANCE ROCKIN' THE SHIT OUT OF MY PLAYLIST RIGHT NOW! GET UP ON THIS SONG, PURE PANTY DROPPER
ID	3	happy mothers day.
ID	3	@sharonhayes GIRLFRIEND!
ID	3	@kayemeff its almost your birthday!!
ID	3	Only has under 200 words left to write on her assignment
ID	3	happy mother's day! I love you mama
ID	3	@SamBennington  Welcome to Twitter  It's really cool that you are here! Greetings from Vienna,Austria
ID	3	traveling alone makes i meet new people,new circle ..strangers become friends
ID	3	Morning everyone! Hope you have a great Sunday!!
ID	0	macs ftw btw. .just because.. and if you're still using the grandaddy pc's you lost at life.. jp  (..not really..)
ID	1	macs ftw btw. .just because.. and if you're still using the grandaddy pc's you lost at life.. jp  (..not really..)
ID	3	Fatigue settling in, but gotta power through! Awesome seats again tonight. I'm pretty lucky. Life ain't too bad...
ID	2	@JayLink_ yeah
ID	4	@shibuya246 yeah, but no closer to the secret of stumble.
ID	3	With my baby drinking. God I love her
ID	3	@aeche We didn't...but we did have to wait a good twenty minutes for one.  Good night, though!
ID	3	Good morning, sunshine! I`mm gonna start my day wth some movies.
ID	3	Paper writing til my heart's content
ID	3	@mismile when are u gonna host Saturday night live!! i've been waiting for like 2 yearsssssss!!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wmoa - yeyy..
ID	3	Tonight was fun. Love my girl Tanna!
ID	3	@LucasBlack Yeah, I know! Thanks so much
ID	3	yo yo yo! i like ice cream
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY  ASAP EVERYDAY!!!
ID	3	good morning everyone
ID	3	@lauraaaknight grr @ naplan. just finished my commerce &amp; geo exams  good luck (Y)
ID	3	thank you for teaching me values and to be a better person each day  I LOVE SO MUCH, YOU'RE THE BEST MUM IN THE WORLD
ID	3	@krystynchong  E3? Nice! I wish i could go! make sure to take tons of pictures!!!
ID	3	You make me happy, whether you know it or not  &lt;3
ID	2	@yansie02 not yet. im still loading it.  have you?
ID	3	@solangeknowles happy mother's day! you are beautiful.
ID	3	is going to go have some cuddle time with her C baby and woofies...I love our nightlife
ID	2	@indieandyy  I hope when you're calling this the shitshow you mean that in a good way. because this will be fun.
ID	3	I got a Coach purse
ID	3	@officialTila YES!! I wanna come hang out with my H-TOWN gurl u know whats up!! haha @MrDeNiro it'll be bangin! We gotta hang out chick
ID	4	finding out a song you had no idea was a cover is actually indeed that .... and then thinking that that is awesome makes my day.
ID	2	just got my BMTH concert tickets  ? youknowimsofreshtilldeath?
ID	3	@erikmd you should sing out loud
ID	3	@ashgen sounds good!! Can't wait
ID	2	@jannarden  I may see the sun come up. All my bits are sore today - but life is still grand  Tomorrow is a new day! Sleep well, Friend!
ID	2	@andrew_apuya hey hey andrew!!! haha! ;P well happy mother's day to your mum.
ID	3	Making yet another attempt to attend church on a Sunday morning!  Looking forward to it y'all.
ID	2	@janmcq - that is awesome.
ID	0	i have a degree,bitches!!! moving t o dallas in a few hours
ID	1	i have a degree,bitches!!! moving t o dallas in a few hours
ID	3	@devilsnight Hey, that's my Bug! And my martini glasses . . .
ID	3	@LindseyMadonna I'm glad for you  I'm fine, thanks. Just another night full of M
ID	3	@jtimberlake Hey I saw SNL 2nite&amp;I loved it!! especially the crumpin' tit-boob scene  &quot;crumpin'34 dub&quot; wow hilarious
ID	3	Finally got Xbox Live up and running again, stupid router, ah well. Serious gaming time later on
ID	3	@ayende LOL it's not the army it's starfleet, rules are meant to be broken to get the job done. That's why he gets the medal
ID	3	@kevpar he was soooo great!!! loved him! He was so good live, haha it poured on us though... makes it that much better!
ID	3	i met one of the nerdiest servers at chili's today lol... he was awesome and i was his favorite
ID	3	@DonEads  Cool...a VERY productive day! I just got a spot as an extra in a feature film that is filming tomorrow  AWESOME week all around!
ID	3	@jamiedelaine the wedding was amazing and I'm not gonna lie... I can't wait to see the pics either!
ID	4	@SpicyBev yep, its Mothers Day here as well but me and my family ignore it!  were celebrating it EVERY day ... LOL
ID	2	Please remember you need a helmet for the bike asap, talk to you later ok hope your head not to bad
ID	3	@directorSandy I fucking love the fucking internet.
ID	3	night improved.
ID	2	@Azlen Don't go there  it is all good
ID	3	@TRACTAHPULL   I love you
ID	3	happy mothers day to my mom &amp; all the other mommies / moms to be! have a qood one ladies
ID	2	@switchfoot My youth group was there! I would have liked 2 go, but I couldn't afford it, &amp; I had a drama performance/party...  Luv ya tho!
ID	3	@Carlkr please wear glasses in your next video!  you look amazing in them.
ID	3	@MOAM66 I love old school horror movies more, I got Elvira tattooed on my back
ID	3	@snakelady I'm sure she'll be fine. They're not as daft as they look (sometime)
ID	3	Had an awesome lunch with the family &amp; now dinner with the in-laws
ID	3	@TickleMeJoey goodnight baby loll jk night
ID	3	finally got home and get to sleep! had a great time with @jessimon and friends!
ID	3	@Spandexx hahahaha wtf dianne????? who twitters that lol...i guess it depends who the person is.....
ID	3	@solangeknowles awwww yur a awesome mother keep up the good work
ID	3	@andyclemmensen haha well then maybe u shouldn't be so weak  hehe jks  xx
ID	3	@cyberprvideo heard of. And you're the first to mention him to me!
ID	2	@skullgirl22 you will never be the same...
ID	3	just got home. today was fun
ID	3	likes the smell of the roast in the oven mmmmmm must have dips and sakatas to tide me over till the roast is cooked
ID	3	i think taylor laughtner and selena gomez are the cutest couple! i love them both! just read it on M! my fave mag
ID	3	rblpn  @kaaeyl , You know, I could listen to every version of War Pigs ever recorded  ? http://blip.fm/~5z10d
ID	3	@Afrykah heyyy girl.. havent tweeted u all week. hope all is well with you
ID	2	the voter paint just peeled off my skin. or maybe my skin just peeled off with the voter paint
ID	3	@maliamorgan Thanks for following!
ID	3	hapee mother's day t all the mothers out there!
ID	3	Girsl night ! on my way to foam party  No sleep tonight !!
ID	3	happy mothers day mam   little bit of a hangover now:$ need to do everything for mam now, but I love her, so for one day I'll do it.
ID	3	@philritchie Boom, and if you will, boom! Saw the movie last night - really enjoyed it
ID	3	Some of us are both. We may have strong loyalties in one direction, but I have love for TNG as well
ID	3	@adnamay Yeah  The entire time I was all *swoon* b/c of his eyes..... *swoons thinking about it*
ID	3	@just_another_1 I love that we just get a little peek of your dimple
ID	3	Just finished yet another amazing book by Susan Elizabeth Philips!!!  God I love her books so much!!! Which one to read next??? hmmm...
ID	4	So I was just angrily told I was extemely abusive...mentally, emotionally, &amp; physically. It made my day.  Nightss.
ID	3	@DirtySteveRock I decided you should help me make my first solo album
ID	3	All in all this has so far gone so much better than expected.sure helps to have raised a dog before and i feel im doing things right
ID	2	@cArtPhotography Hey, it was a GORGEOUS, day (and night) here, too.  Played in the sun then a full moon lit my way home.    Life is good.
ID	3	@bioncaaa oo never played it  thats so good that u like 2 play games most females dont like too
ID	3	heeey heeey!   about to go read...
ID	3	Just burped at the same exact time as Steph LMFA0
ID	3	time to go to bed... and hopefully wake up to a better day  niiiiiiiights yall
ID	3	My goodness! I go single and shit goes crazy! Haha. Fuck this. I like being single too much. I do what I want...holla!
ID	3	@tommcfly You're welcome!  Actually, the all Swedish fans are trying to get McFly to  us! We are very close now
ID	3	@debaoki Thanks for getting me bottled water.
ID	3	Love the 3 mile 3AM runs. They make me smile
ID	3	this one's for the children..the children of the world....again i say happy mommies day to all and me too
ID	3	read twilight and new moon keen to read eclipse and breaking dawn hmm twilight was better then new moon but there still awesome
ID	2	has just figured out his username and password for his twitter account
ID	3	@tarabellejeanne awhhh It was so nice to see you.
ID	3	@JackAllTimeLow it was fun anyway..thanks for taking pics with us last minute
ID	3	Amost there
ID	3	@amber_benson thanks for the message! been a fan since forever; actually met you back in '03. So glad I stumbled upon your twitter
ID	3	@jaimedr Thanks for the recommendation
ID	4	@aplusk Awww, here...WAZ UUUUP!!!   Seriously, glad y'all had fun.  Too bad my invite got lost in the mail lol. peace. xo
ID	3	I wanna say happy mother's day to all the mom's including mine love u mama
ID	3	@sashagrey since I'm reading the Twilight series and watching Underworld today, I gotta say...perfect pic for my day
ID	0	had a 100% raw day
ID	1	had a 100% raw day
ID	3	feelin nice after this bottle of bacardi
ID	3	well Sunday the weather looks great gone take my bike to visite my mom on her day
ID	3	tonight was fun
ID	3	I'm off 2 dream awhile. Thanks 4 everything tweeple. Many blessings &amp; much joy. peace, love &amp; happiness 2 u all. Hope ur dreams come tru
ID	3	@eavellan that was so much fun! the banana dessert alone is worth the trip to austin! we'll be back soon
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ID	3	first night sleeping in my new home
ID	3	4 hours till Mothers Day Party  Yeah!
ID	3	@green_i_girl  is okay! Hearts getting lovin! Sorry for sneezes.
ID	3	Watching videos on youtube with the bf.  Thinking about going to bed soon.
ID	3	laundry and loud music.... relaxing
ID	3	45 minutes until im off from work. I guess i'll go back to work in 15 minutes. It's slow today thank god for one of those days
ID	3	@jemambrose congrats!!!  I highly doubt u'll have buyer's remorse...u've wanted that car for a while.
ID	2	Can't sleep. Fucking morning will come to soon. Have to rest! It will be a new day. A perfect day to start new changes
ID	3	@RetroRewind it is sooo hard.... truck and fish please
ID	2	@pabloest beer from japan.  google it
ID	2	lip syncing &quot;im so excited&quot; wit blairr then were gonna youtube it
ID	3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
ID	3	loves it when mom and dad come to visit! nothin better
ID	3	@Chi_twnzfinest Happy birthday, sweetie. Have a great day in the best place of the word (sorry Chicago  jeje
ID	3	@JayLink_ luv it  so true
ID	3	had a wonderful evening with those I love!
ID	3	my sidekick is awkward flashing. oh well. leaving my mommy out her flowers and stuff
ID	2	@mrskutcher Yes, people skills and social manners are quite nice.  If you a few billion, guess you need MORE love to gently guide you.
ID	3	i love it when justin timberlake hosts snl; hilarious
ID	3	@peaches5068 Happy mom's day to you too
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day to all you mothers out there!!  i love my mom! GOODNIGHT everyonee!! ?
ID	3	Loves him but most importantly loves my mom! Happy Mothers Day!
ID	2	@KilllWill nope, just whatever you speakin a couple tweets ago lol, but fuck it, i can get u a raider jersey
ID	3	Night peeps. Hope you all had a great day! Untill tomorrow.
ID	3	Goin to bed. Goodnight everyone.
ID	3	@DawnRichard have an amazing time with your mommas tomorrow! Show them how much they mean to you  Whatever you do they will love it
ID	3	finally leavin tha studio.Made some really really good music! Very pleased wit tha turnout  !
ID	4	@DonniesGirl69  Yes,... I blame you all
ID	3	@janine_j9 Jess just posted some hawt pics on the board J ... u should check them out...
ID	3	T9R8AM booked. im arriving medan on 27th june. 1155hours
ID	3	@conpcom too many Germn rodrguez's results. Which one are you?  I mean, how do you look like in your profile picture?
ID	2	@JoelMadden Awe man, that sucks. Everyone makes mistakes. I have a feeling that people can forgive you
ID	3	@andyclemmensen would that just eat away at your masculinity? What masculinity did you have? :p haha u'd probs beat me tho  haha xo
ID	3	i'm also on plurk  try it
ID	3	Well, it was very inspirative day. There's no room for design in todays schedule, so i'm heading to bed
ID	2	@discombob Yeah, she's done it several times. My Dumerils boa did it a few times w/ no prob. Just wonder if my hognose needs bigger food.
ID	3	I am a big fan of Danny Dyer I have to say this movie looks awesome  http://snurl.com/hpwnz
ID	3	@Shontelle_Layne you're welcome sweety!  muah! xoxox luv ya!
ID	3	@KellyShibari @AmberCadabra @Mollena All this flirting going on - The ATG smiles. Yay.  ((hugs))
ID	4	Memories
ID	2	@Icametumbling Yeah, I've seen that before, funny   *Hey honey, Jill just sent me a dick in a box*
ID	3	PUSH was amazing
ID	3	great night
ID	3	this thing really demands a lot of time! anyways, gotta get some breakfast and watch naruto's latest episode
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day everyone
ID	3	@UndeniableQueen ooooo i love pretty feet
ID	3	@EricS576 Thank you! You know I really love 'BHB'
ID	3	@Nat4daWorks hope the show is going well!  just wanted u to know that im home now.. muah!
ID	3	New day in new home   happy mom day 2 me!
ID	3	Six flags was awesome can't wait to go back
ID	3	@ home with my lovey.. Busy day td.. Baby shower.. Then a wedding.. Made 2 pies.. Now bed
ID	3	Look, everyone! I'm a bad boy! I'm ranked higher than Meghan McCain!  http://tinyurl.com/oj76mz
ID	3	Happy mothers day everybody
ID	2	@ms_ta_ta haha It's BAD! Anyway goodnight, gorgeous  Sleep super well n shizz
ID	3	homee from wango tango, i had fun  really tired now. wrapping moms present and passing out. &lt;3
ID	4	So tired and I have to work till 10:30 tonight!    Happy mothers day to everyone too  http://tinyurl.com/qu62bl
ID	3	@kmergs It is, Pinkwind is a thing from Vanessa's dad. And My sister made me that SN in the 4th grade
ID	3	happy mothers day, too all mums out there  remember treat your mum well, she brought you into this life =]
ID	4	Twitter, you just fail at life sometimes.  Oh well. http://tinyurl.com/qkxh7q
ID	2	better get some sleep soon. she has to get up and go to Sunday meetin' so she can pass out invites to her jewelery party.
ID	3	Won a gps at post prom
ID	3	Bored...um...Song of the day: &quot;I caught myself by Paramore&quot; and &quot;No good deed from the musical Wicked&quot;  Oh! And Fully Alive by Flyleaf!!!
ID	3	Finally home after a night of dinner and drinking with friends.  Going to sleep now, hoping the bed doesn't spin too much.
ID	3	@mrskutcher Happy mothers day
ID	3	@ztnewetnorb hha yeah  like they have your heart too but weve met shaun and bradie... it seems more real ;)
ID	3	@melissamark_ hehe go dye it beb! put more blonde innn  mine is lighter than it was, left it in  a bit too long oops&gt;&lt;
ID	3	Welcoming new #followers: @chillisoft, @Hansieboy, @keylman  @luongdat, @pleasehelpmenow &amp; @FLWbooks. Thanks for the love. Tweet on!
ID	3	Nungguin my Sista in law lahiran di RS Asih...kayaknya sih sore ini lahiran. Yeayy another baby girl in the family
ID	3	@polyzzz Goodnight and sweet dreams to you also
ID	3	@GeorgiaPrincez Like you're not enjoying the hell out if it.
ID	4	@jamie_oliver whats for breaky then, russtle something up for my hangover please our jamie lmao
ID	2	@SkinnyInTheCity Good to hear... several of my peeps are working tonight...
ID	4	lmao im stupid just felt like sayin tya in my red caf vioce..nite ya'll
ID	3	Moms everywhere stop what you are doing and get a good night sleep for tomorrow its your childrens turn to pamper you.  enjoy your day
ID	3	@andrewkfromaz Thanks dear, I know this, but I appreciate the validation as always
ID	3	@frombecca Oh yum - rhubarb. These links are fab. Thanks
ID	3	@REALConformist I loveeee cashis  ms. Jenkins is my shitttt!!!
ID	3	@caatheedee maybe you should greet her for good.
ID	3	shoutout to all the beautiful moms out there that these niggas dont appreciate! some one cares Happy Mothers Day!
ID	2	@RetroRewind ty for feeding our NK addiction..ermm i mean our uhh nope yup addiction covers it
ID	4	@SirReigns Good luck with the design....remember the little people   Heading to bed, goodnight!
ID	3	going to church  god bless you all.
ID	2	save me--i feel like i'm going crazy.  ? http://blip.fm/~5z193
ID	3	Laying in bed with a book &amp; some beautiful music.  thank you kaki &amp; nicholas sparks.
ID	3	@SharneseLaNier Thanks hon, doing great and yourself? Happy Mothers Day
ID	3	i'm going to try to get some sleeeeeeep. goonight twitter  have a nice mother's day.
ID	3	@Meshel_Laurie sending love, blessings &amp; healing thoughts to you &amp; family  peace
ID	3	feelin a bit 'dangerous'. off to watch tha vids  http://bit.ly/9X0Us
ID	3	nice night  bed time; work from 4:30-8:45 tomorrow
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all mothers
ID	3	Dancing in the rain makes of complete
ID	2	Artwork at 3AM. Gotta get this portfolio done for MECA by wednesday. Meeting with milonzzi to review it then.
ID	3	@michaellington hahaha that made me laugh
ID	3	@BrisbaneGirl I like tweetie better, that is what I use all the time
ID	3	@Afrykah Happy Mothersday btw! Look at the bright side, you can chill all day today
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day to all the Mommies!
ID	3	Still totally excited that my oldest friend @Spencesaur has twitter. I luff my Spencer! Even though he has rabies
ID	3	@lavvocato got it. Welchs grape too please
ID	3	Happy Mothers' day!
ID	3	@officialTila Your so down to earth..and REAL! I love that about you  woo! Tila Army!
ID	2	@ratherlargedog You should hate your gender less. Not all men are bad. In fact, I quite like mens.
ID	3	@JoelMadden great song even if i can't understand lol
ID	3	Reminiscing my old days by listening to old music.
ID	4	@oohhMandy ITSNIKKITIME haha...shiiit, that was Austin o'brien..pardon my BAD call!
ID	2	OMG disco is PACKED!!!
ID	3	time for mimi's
ID	3	@jojowright I will bring you cases of mountain dew if you give @_Slamma_ 2 tixs to see taylor swift!
ID	2	@akomuzikera clearly need to crack the whip some more
ID	3	@iNanz bet sexy; i added u on myspace!
ID	3	If someone have a friendster profy!,.just add me!,.ayt!?,.lol!,.http://bit.ly/UsPlN !
ID	3	third date went well....moving on to fourth!!!!!!
ID	3	@solangeknowles HAPPY MOTHERS DAY  I hope you'll have a great day today
ID	3	Back from hospital. Doc says I'll live
ID	3	@AaronLHB you got her a watch? Thts sooooo sweet
ID	3	Wango tango!!! Good night all
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY
ID	3	@tldavidson Totally!!! Rock onnnn!
ID	3	is addicted to the pet society app on facebook
ID	3	@adnamay Yup  On to Mother's Day. Any plans for your birthday?
ID	3	@cloud79 I thought the same thing, but felt a bit better when I saw no less than 5 other cameras there
ID	3	I'm emailing my best friend Deanna with my yahoo account. Emailing is FUN.  &lt;3
ID	3	no clubs...no parties...ive spent my friday and saturday night workin on music and am quit content
ID	3	I'm Christine and I'm a friggin' shopaholic. Check out my new coat  Had to promise someone I wouldn't spend for 2 weeks after buying this
ID	3	Goodnight fellow twitters and tj ststas
ID	0	samberg and timberlake collaboration; dick in a box
ID	1	samberg and timberlake collaboration; dick in a box
ID	3	&quot;The weather outside is weather&quot; hahah made me feel better
ID	3	@liltwist twist cld u follow me  ill love u forever
ID	3	@tweerrerbot  Well I was following you because I think your interesting ... and I was right
ID	3	Great day...Rode the beach cruisers into town to see Culver City Antique Car Show. Found my next bike.   http://twitpic.com/4wn71
ID	3	@prateek_agwl Talking to whom? This 'Shah Rukh Khan' is an imposter here... LOL! BTW thanx for the follow...
ID	2	@RetroRewind Thank You I came on late so YES didn't have a chance to hear it
ID	4	@twisty7867 i'm using paint.net x64 and it's running crazily fast - can't afford CS4 unfortunately... yet
ID	3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
ID	4	@solangeknowles I'm proud of You Solange.
ID	3	Cum fiesta at my house in my mouth  hit me up for the password
ID	3	@guittaraxx Trust me, that's a GOOD thing. Your 40-something self will thank you.
ID	3	Seeing my brother graduate tomorrow. Should be fun.
ID	3	@B_Wright THANK YOU! &quot;Return of the Mack&quot; is THE jam!
ID	2	HMV Shinjuku
ID	3	@Toongen before he could do it. So, so sad. You should read it
ID	3	@filos @elliottucker thanks for the r/t, I was hoping I had some *classy* followers
ID	2	@Marcyluvstravel omg! I dont blame you! hope you didnt hurt him too bad
ID	3	@DawnRichard Dawwwwwwwwwwwwn, I hit u back and told u y..........so please Read it, and pray before u decide
ID	3	is going home after an awesome time with the peeps
ID	3	Signing off for the night. Watching &quot;The Reader&quot; and I'm sure I'll snooze off at some point. Good night all
ID	3	it's midnight.
ID	3	drunkfda twittering is lone of my favorite hobbies&lt;3 being drunk is my PROFESSIONNNNN
ID	3	@suppz yeah, but Mr. Mom's I would say, appreciate their wives much more than the avg dad   I have a new found respect for mothers now
ID	2	@marco_cali Good morning
ID	3	random night of fun  now im chillin at home.. happy mothers day!
ID	0	Fuckin padtron  con sheila.neil.gio.dex.wongo.poncho.bebo.ant.lulu&amp;therest of the niggasz
ID	1	Fuckin padtron  con sheila.neil.gio.dex.wongo.poncho.bebo.ant.lulu&amp;therest of the niggasz
ID	3	my hair doesn't look completely retarded. success
ID	3	To every mom, mommy and mother, Happy Mother's Day   Hope you all do something special and fun today.
ID	2	@LauraRepetti i tested on an old shirt first, which was good coz they failed, but the two i did properly look awesome
ID	4	Enjoying the happiness of this special day. Another day that I can make the best one of my life
ID	3	@Immunerock Good luck on Monday!  Keep on rockin'
ID	3	@a_tall_blonde   ~~Hello~~~  and thanks for the follow.
ID	3	back from melly's party... i had fun...  i'm sleepy now...
ID	3	@chillman2 dude... Can you really be a bachelor at this point?? Don't worry about it.
ID	2	@jeffcannata before I contemplate that any further, I'm gonna go ahead and take that as a compliment.
ID	3	watching Bones with Naty. Have made her a fan! Mission convert Naty: Success...now onto Mission convert Meagan
ID	3	@pjhoody &quot;It's your birthday, so I know you wanna riiidddddeeee out!&quot; Have fun in the club
ID	3	On her way home from prom  so fun!
ID	3	eeehhh. my right eye's twitching. gonna go and watch Boystown. @camerontdf happy birthday!
ID	3	Had the Best lazy/really productive day ever. So many options lay ahead of me.  My only job is prioritize them  Thank u universe. -Luv DD
ID	3	@David_Kaufer Well, I am crossing my fingers!  We have another year so, lots of hope in my heart! We will see! Thx! G'night!
ID	2	See FTSK tonight in Grand Rapids
ID	3	@BrainiacSociety have fun at the viper room tomorrow night  i know the fam out there will be in attendance to support all of yall
ID	3	@devyra lol you always make me happy.  i promise i won't. lol its only 1 silly. you are up late too my friend
ID	3	@khasabadmemory thanks for teaching me how to play a part of that song
ID	3	@SweetAmes - SO.... yeah. I VERY much appreciate that.
ID	4	been high azza bitch all day.... was goody... i missed u twitter
ID	3	@Milzyxx just hanging with my bestie
ID	3	@DebbieFletcher Happy Mothers Day! i hope tom got you something special! enjoy day!  xo
ID	3	haha @ playing fall out boy in a bar full of older people.  they's need to be educate.
ID	3	Mariana ~ Photography by Cassone's May 2009 Feature http://bit.ly/E2bjm  - Thanks so much
ID	2	gotta hit the hay y'all. big day with the kiddos 2maro. i love being a mommy  much love-- lil
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	The kids were awesome today! They loved the face painting!
ID	3	@doc18 awesome! cheers man! don't know if i'll have much money left after todays shopping spree though!
ID	3	@cacsb911 thank you cici  right back at ya!
ID	3	@angiemartinez happy mothers day ang
ID	3	I forgot, Happy Mom's day.
ID	2	Beautiful sunny mornig here in London, time for the morning meditation and some inspired living  http://ff.im/2L36n
ID	2	Well then andy i dont think you should date me
ID	3	Michael Cera has a new movie!
ID	3	is resting. ahhhhh. I feel good
ID	3	Ryan Stiles is still the funniest man ever. Got some great news and some not great news tonight. So happy I could burst
ID	3	@howie_d It's a pleassure making you both smile.  Have a nice day and you are making me smile as well being on twitter.. aahhh nice..
ID	2	@jespern Oops! I got taken ...
ID	3	@superannuation haha i'll keep that in mind  so far, i reckon i have enough money to stop my hair greying when i retire ;D
ID	0	i dont know why i follow sme of the ppl that i do... they e anoying and boring. * note to self -unfollow peeps on monday morning
ID	1	i dont know why i follow sme of the ppl that i do... they e anoying and boring. * note to self -unfollow peeps on monday morning
ID	3	@DavidArchie : Hi, i think u should try Ph? in Vietnam, it's really quite delicious
ID	3	@HornyMe I was kiddin' with you. Shy is not a word i'd use to describe me
ID	3	/ happy mommy's day
ID	3	@PsychoBeauty word?? ima be there this summer....just move back with me  lol
ID	3	@Tacquira anytime love..you looked beautiful! Next time your in nyc, hopefully we can link up! Enjoy your evening
ID	3	yum - mother's day lunch at The Food Business in Burnside was delicious! such a gorgeous day
ID	3	colds nearly gone, yayness!! greys anatomy on tonight . . . . . .double yay!
ID	4	@KManCOBHC he has been really brave but this is the best thing to do - now he can rest and get better. Get well soon, Alexi
ID	3	@camerontdf Happy Birthday  Hope you enjoyed us singing to you Wednesday &lt;3
ID	3	This is the best E-commerce site, I hope you've watched the big bang theory. http://www.pennyblossoms.com/ Please hit &quot;buy now&quot;
ID	3	Hecks yeah. Jandy timsamlake is too rawesome!
ID	3	Daniel has won DSDS. His voice is great.
ID	4	Music soothes the soul...
ID	3	listening to jubey snoring on the phone  hehe goodnight
ID	3	@christinawrites look who I found just for you  ---&gt;  http://twitter.com/DJT2009
ID	3	@ferrao California waiting, every little thing's gotta be just right ? Putz, adoro essa banda
ID	3	@vimoh there are other signs too  of twitter addiction!!  Levels from 1 to 6.... LOL I am probably on level 4 ... lol
ID	3	@ChesterBaker not so awesome now, huh? LOL
ID	3	love the sweet g'nights every night
ID	3	@ScottATaylor Other than that, you are totally bereft of faults in every way
ID	2	@solangeknowles And that's what makes you an amAzing MOTHER  HAPPY MOTHERS DAY SOLO!! LUV YA!!
ID	3	Happy mothers day to all of you amazing moms!! Hope you have a wonderful day with your loved ones. You deserve it!!  You do a great job!
ID	4	@sanda86 ummm.. sure! i miss ya'll alot too.  i think you know who i meant.
ID	3	Wow.... I thought we'd only be gaming for 8 hours but here I am 13 hours later seeing the last person out. &lt;_&lt; Long session, but fun.
ID	3	I'm Still Celebrating My Bday Even Though It Was Friday
ID	3	@peter_rabbit_ I have been begining to think you are showing signs of becoming a sped haha  Love ya!
ID	2	...and for the record...this is the best its ever felt not to cross anything off my &quot;to do&quot; list at the end of the day
ID	3	I am at my grandparents place
ID	3	Recovery! The secret weapon of a Dba  glad 2 hav my files back
ID	3	@jtimberlake Very funny Thanks
ID	3	@Idolfanaddict haha. u can look up best week ever podcast on iTunes. it is May 1 episode  he seems more relaxed &amp; funnier than on Idol.
ID	3	I had a super cool dream last night. @TheEllenShow asked me and @danify to be on her show. Wooowww.  *hopes it will come true* )
ID	3	@Seicra_The_BC well, in the end, everyone's happy (most of the time)
ID	3	Just used my last DVD-R for the Windows 7 ISO. Next batch will be Lightscribe dicsc - I want to see how that works
ID	4	@wolfchild59  heheheheh... lol... I always figured he'd send them your way if he got any dupes... I felt bad not sending him stuff...
ID	3	reality needs to check in. schools over. time to party  not tonight tho, im going to bed. night, night.
ID	2	@mosdefaqueen My pleasure. I can't be with my mom on Mother's Day. But I can spread love.
ID	3	@Austra Thank you for smoking!!!!!!  viennoziimiigi
ID	2	@TracyAnn_W Happy Stopping by to wish you a Happy Mother's Day. Tracy   Looking forward to meeting you at the concert.  Hugs....Joy
ID	3	Oh Mother - Christina Aguilera. Happy Mothers' Day to all the mamas!  ilovemymommy! &lt;3
ID	3	@mexecution your right, it is a great plant  i love it
ID	3	@BarryManilow Not been on for a while eh Barry lol.Tweet deck is like prehistoric lol
ID	3	I am so grateful I am your daughter!  Happy Mother's Day, Okasan.  Thank you for everything... always!
ID	3	Had a BLAST this weekend with my sweet girls in Vancouver, watching my awesome Celtic lads... AND I got to see Alissa! Now I'm home
ID	4	@FoOie yea just fun dive..a bit scary sometimes but fun.  u like diving?
ID	3	Just had a great study time followed by a delicious Japanese meal with Arty! Now, trying to get back into the study mood
ID	3	@crazyness  o sweet i saw him last year with kenny &amp; sugarland will be with kenny this year.. i have seen them b4... love them.. gknight
ID	0	@backpackerinoz I don't like fishfingers. I don't like fish or seafood really. But enjoy it
ID	1	@backpackerinoz I don't like fishfingers. I don't like fish or seafood really. But enjoy it
ID	3	Stack on deck patron and sprite on ice baby he said I can have whatever I like... Right @ajaleigh?
ID	3	@burbleon hope your dreams don't come true
ID	3	@LimeIce *happy to help*
ID	3	@npyskater Thank you!
ID	3	@cherrythegreat hay naku!!madaya ka talaga ah hehe ..hey happy mothers day to your mom nga pala  @baditz and to your mom also
ID	3	@JasonBradbury Have a great Sunday wit the kids and Mickey
ID	3	@kerkat28 i posted it! let me know what you think? theres a really cute cut out in the back too.
ID	3	ahhh, i FINALLY went to yogurtland.  i saved my spoon. hahaha.
ID	2	@nikki_78 yes i have to agree it does
ID	3	@starreemoon yes!  Glad you're coming.
ID	3	tried oprahs free unfried kfc and loved it  i went back for another try and topped it with boba and wolverine.Chilled with pope,dave,ben
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies
ID	3	joininghe bandwagon.... wheeeeeeeeeeee.
ID	3	@EdoCH thanks!! Yes!! A lot!
ID	3	Watching some movie and playin on my computer.
ID	3	@WollemiPine Or nudge the partner! Good birthday/ christmas/ I just want to buy you something gift!
ID	3	@Shannannagin haha. Thanks Shannon.  3 out of 5 boats got first.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers
ID	3	@oscarrplz thanks oscc  i have been changing it up lately, and I like this layout the most &lt;33
ID	3	Thinkin' Twitter is interesting.
ID	2	@jimmietryon You can use it for #iPhone app dev.
ID	3	Can't wait 4 a real bed!  haha
ID	3	@BB517  so far surprisingly good responses. My dad offered to airbrush the old logo on the wall..but I think that might be overkill
ID	3	@emilyjonesmusic  awww thank you
ID	3	Just for fun: Jessica Alba weekly Twitter follower count: 35,138 (+5,468). This is starting to look like a movement.  @RealJessicaAlba
ID	3	slept for 11 hours after an exhausting but a fun fun out of town trip. high for the day so far? woke up to good ol' fried chicken
ID	3	@mileycyrus tell everybody i said happy mothers day!  love ya! #1 fan love you miley you rock
ID	3	@DinoLich I know! But I still want to see it
ID	3	@GabrielSaporta @SUAREASY @NovarroNate you guys were absolutely amazing tonight, as always. thanks for always bringing the dance party.
ID	3	@Sayshunshow Hi  how are you doing ???  *just joined twitter...*
ID	3	shes so cute when shes sleepy
ID	3	I'm addicted to the Jonas Brothers' new single 'Paranoid'! It's awesome!! If you haven't heard it already, go check it out!!
ID	3	@MariahCarey Happy Mom's Day!  Here in Spain it was last Sunday!! Any hint of when the first single will be out on radio? LYM!!  Mini
ID	3	@xennyeh FUCK YEAH DUDE!!! I would ask how it was, but I already fucking know!  How're you?
ID	3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
ID	3	Mothers day today!
ID	3	@JT_NigerianBoi thanks JT i also enjoyed it i will. r u following me? ill follow u back
ID	3	Drivin home and listenin to 50! fucking lightweights! left me stag! bullshit!  love you though  especially you toesha  haha HA!
ID	3	It seems like everyone us watching X-Men now, I feel like I've started a revolution  feels nice
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! Just finished having lunch with my  relatives. I wuv you mommy and granny.  HAHAHA.
ID	3	PB&amp;J makes me happier than anything else in the world  I love that when I'm tired, my demands are so simply met
ID	3	still awake.. will get some sleep i have to drive to Fortuna early.. Red Bull will guide me
ID	3	@bethharperwalsh @TaiLi22 @thesolutions @hippiekat from g's to gents season 1
ID	3	this one goes out to Jimmy Fallon and Justin Timberlake...doin' their Gibb Bros show on SNL  ? http://blip.fm/~5z1vd
ID	3	i have a whole day planned for my mom today that i know she will love!
ID	3	@suckaMC alright cool. See you tomorrow  thank you!
ID	3	for some strange reason, 'paranoid' sounds like U2. but i love them too, so it's aaaaall good.
ID	3	Finally home  Gonna hit the hay n sleep till noon lol
ID	2	@ MsRobynp  thank u for that
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there! Special shout to my momma...Luv ya! And Pat....even though you're a Jehovah's Witness
ID	3	@Scarlettx3 omg i forgot about that! you lucky thing! hope you have fun!!  x
ID	4	Missing @smartbrain from BKK na.
ID	3	@gretchenrubin I love this!!  our body should tell us how much sleep it needs, and its always good to be mindful at mealtimes
ID	3	@glennguan your test works fine for me  tweetdeck is so cool eh?
ID	3	@RetroRewind working out to your station - cool. Love yer music  kk back to the sweating part .....lol l8a xxx
ID	2	Bye. Tekzilla, then revision.
ID	3	@crazymadzy hahahahah!! 04 would be the chief contributors. lol.
ID	3	happy 1 year! &lt;3
ID	3	wants to greet all the moms a Happy Mother's Day!!
ID	3	@michellephant it was nice, we didn't stay long because we all got a hotel room.
ID	2	@anyidiot I think we could be related
ID	3	Wooow, I haven't charged my iPod Touch all day today, and it's still ALIVE! That's so coolio
ID	3	is getting ready for an awesome service!  - http://tweet.sg
ID	3	@yvasquez82 Thank you sister!!
ID	3	happy mother's to all the moms out there..
ID	3	that was a fun bacontaco night
ID	3	D-group Saturday's, with a little bit of football, an hour nap, 3 hours of soccer, basketball in the TSU and Yogurtland... Life's Good
ID	3	good mornineverybody  happy mothers-day to every mom
ID	4	Happy Mothers Day
ID	3	@chachada1 Yeah im following you, Hun! Goodnight
ID	3	spent a little too much $ at Wombat, but it's cool 'cuz it was time to take care of Tamara good.  YAY!
ID	2	Not to worry, noone got that one. Next question starts in 1 minute, get your thinking caps on
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
ID	3	just put the brats to bed, now im chillin with noodle
ID	3	@Zac_Efron 17 Again was amazing! I have seen it three times! It's just hilarious, and you are fantastic!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers.    Have a beautifully blessed day!
ID	3	Cultural tour 102 by loiusa's family: kangaroo sight-seeing in cemetary. Lovely
ID	2	@erica_lick sounds like you need a week of digital detox
ID	3	happy mommy day!!
ID	4	@teksone No, I'm in the US for the weekend not the UK
ID	3	@melvin_16  Hope u had a lovely lunch Mel   Your Dad's place sounds nice , I love polished floorboards  .
ID	2	@mylesagnew NICE! Got any that are indexed that you want to unload?  I need a few.
ID	0	@jakeron I'm not trying to get more followers. I'm trying to get MORE INTERACTION!!!!!!!!!
ID	1	@jakeron I'm not trying to get more followers. I'm trying to get MORE INTERACTION!!!!!!!!!
ID	3	happy momies day!
ID	3	Ian is waiting for a very important pic
ID	3	@JENakaGorgeousB happy mother's day to your mom
ID	3	@TheUnclean Thanks. Busy as fuck is good in my book.
ID	2	@SheriRocks What are u doin Sheri?!
ID	3	@halian: Happy Mother's day to my Mother. Thank you for being such an awesome mother
ID	2	@jacquelinesteps Thanks!  Actually, when I first got my twitter, my pictures wouldn't upload either. But they upload, it just takes a
ID	3	Had a nice chat with an old frnd... its been a while since v talked  was fun...
ID	3	@sarieee thanks for finding the amusing rubiks pictures tonight. making my evening via @chrisfreeman ...
ID	3	I have a better idea: need a couple hour of relax. bed time. Sweet dreams to everyone!  love u all
ID	3	@gnat So what does that make a queef
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day  http://bit.ly/LRSnG
ID	3	@officialTila that is my idea of good dinner  happy munchin
ID	4	Waiting for the bus back from cripple creek to pick up the twizzler town seems kinda quiet tonite    *rolynn719*
ID	3	@stuntazian I still have them!! Yay! Gonna eat some now
ID	3	@nianoelle Hey Nia! I used to be the PD at Hot 102.9 in Dayton. I met you in Cincinnati at the Wiz Christmas party. Hope all is well!
ID	2	@jairodriguez you are super hot on your show
ID	3	finally gonna get sum sleep  that concert was crazy!!! God Bless those ministers!!!
ID	3	Now I'm off to bed - HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY ALL - HAVE A GREAT ONE
ID	3	made this for you when i got home from wango tango http://bit.ly/1UjzQ    what a wonderful day.
ID	3	@therealsavannah I know you would be successful. And you're just starting. You would do great in the coming years. Good luck to you
ID	3	Cant believe how lucky i am to have such an amazing boyfriend
ID	3	@marjamma What's your doggies name? so cute... Same breed as the Obamas
ID	3	Just got back from @LorenaJimenez 's party! Sooo much fun! Boom boom pow~ hahaha! ooh and I just told my mom happy mother's day
ID	3	@smartiej Sounds lovely, hope you have a great day
ID	3	And on that note im going to bed happy mother's day to my mommy +&amp; all the other mom's out there love u lady
ID	3	Ive been passed out drunk for the passed couple of hours.  Good to go now
ID	3	I don't think I've ever been up this early on a Sunday in a while. Meanwhile, the #bigweekend awaits!
ID	3	social was fun. Swam in the water in my boxers
ID	3	Happy anniversary to @tayloredot and @hellohouston. You know whyyyy. Three years baby!!!
ID	3	off to a date with vaahedh! -_- well...atleast its the last one
ID	3	@shaunduke That sounds like a good compromise.
ID	3	@LeslieCraig haha maybe someday I will be your publicist! that's what i am going to school for
ID	2	@bsbaegirl unfortunately I know I would like them - which is why I am avoiding them,
ID	3	FINALLY finished studying, 7 pages of double sided notes later... off to cook tea and dessert now. Happy Mother's Day!!
ID	0	now cassidy is butcking that i am bitching lol cant ever win
ID	1	now cassidy is butcking that i am bitching lol cant ever win
ID	3	is thinking what song to use for the next chilled edition video!
ID	3	I'M FEELING GREAT!
ID	2	is at denny's right now with the group. prom was fun
ID	4	about to go to my boo's pad
ID	3	The best thing I have ever done is carry and birth a child
ID	3	http://bit.ly/5e7dr  this is cool, van helden.
ID	3	Word to all those i call mom, and there are a lot of yall.. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY  i love you all!
ID	3	@carinafox5 Wishing you a very Happy Mother's Day, Carina!!  Hugs...Joy
ID	3	@Sammysamsam5 That movie made me cryHARDCORE!!!!!  I loved it...
ID	3	@spahkleprincess it's my fave!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!  You are all amazing, and we would be nowhere without you!  Thanks for being our moms
ID	3	@azaxacavabanama  kashtam ! wonder what would be the similey  for CSK
ID	3	a slightly less disturbed night, after a while, which is a Good Thing. Looking forward to some quality time with my toadtastic boy
ID	3	Watchin TV. HAPPY MOMS DAY.
ID	3	enjoying lazying around eating roses chocolates  x
ID	3	Finallyy done !! And done clean'n lay'n down time 4 bed.. goshh its 3 o'clock !! Lol nite nite twitta heads
ID	3	@rohanbabu I brought a buffalo 320gb for 3800...it has the fastest transfer rate for a usb hdd...I benchmarked it at 34mb/s on my comp!!!
ID	3	@princesssuperc you were amazing on snl!! loved it!
ID	2	@amysav83 you'll be fine  don't worry ... good luck again
ID	3	Pretty amazing weekend so far  but its bedtime ,, I'm exhausted ! Mothers day tomorrow  nighty night
ID	3	I loved Star Trek. It was so awesome. And the effects were brilliant! &quot;Live long and prosper.&quot; Hehe. I wanna see it again
ID	3	@Sanazypoo OMG!! Hahaha! I thought you were joking about Twittering that, hahaha!! Awesome, good times were had by all
ID	3	About to go to sleep. Fun
ID	3	@xantherrific online! www.dujourmag.com/subscribe
ID	2	Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Moms out there.  (I'm kind of a Mom, i think my little pup counts!  )
ID	3	It turns out I'm really, like, sixty years old, guys. You were right!!!!!  I'm off to seek my future a little later than planned!
ID	3	@jordanknight Hey JK...Wish Evenlyn a Happy Mothers Day tomora for me..I had a Great Day, my gift will be tickets to see ya's ere in Oz
ID	4	@DirtyLiz It's because we're right
ID	2	@dagadong  probably why he's still married to Joan perhaps?
ID	3	@FrankieFiction Thankies.  I'll never be able to watch the movie Madagascar the same way again... hehe.
ID	3	@flygirls &quot;Mom set the bar so high I need to learn to fly to reach it!&quot; -- now THAT's an awesome sentiment to read on Mother's Day.
ID	3	@LaneySmiles you know you lvoe me!
ID	3	@nlouisem thanks!!
ID	3	@fedgrub  dull life was on the soundtrack of one of my favourite showss
ID	3	@MorganH03 Thanks for a great night, dear.  Perfectly completed my weekend.
ID	3	I am having the TIME of my LIFE
ID	3	@simoncurtis HAHA ...Your Hotter Than Justin Timberlake
ID	3	@karaokevegan Happy Mothersday
ID	3	@EmmaCL thanks
ID	4	is feeling good.. kinda tired.. miss him... can't wait for grad this weekend!!
ID	3	@jacquelinesteps Haha you're welcome! I was honestly going crazy too. Have a great night as well
ID	3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
ID	3	@FelixKev hey Kev - keep with it. It seems crap at first but will def be worthwhile! Add LOADS of people, much more interesting
ID	2	is off to Body Power Expo! Thanks to Mike at Performance Network for the free tix!
ID	3	@NKOTBSummertime LMAO. Joey is mine  I cant wait to meet them in july!
ID	3	just rocked home from maccas, and now signing a petition for big bang to tour aus  LOL
ID	2	@nsane8 @Icametumbling  Whether that's good or bad, I can't disagree with you there.
ID	3	Oh that just made my evening.  I forgot Merlin was on tonight!  But its a toss up between Rove and Spielburg on Spielburg on ABC2 choices.
ID	3	Star Trek was so good Im seeing it a third time...corse I do work at the movie theator
ID	3	@chaosd1 I love you, baby
ID	3	@erniehalter yay Happy Mothers Day to me  Screw burnt breakfast in bed I'll take some E.  (erniehalter live &gt; http://ustre.am/2VkO)
ID	3	...WITH PENNEY! thank you for letting me in at 11 at night
ID	3	@Naughtycowgir1 I LOVE music!!!  I like almost everything!!
ID	3	@verma it was an awesome talk  find it very true that i am watching the ruby community closely
ID	3	@mini_ritz thnx sweetie  how r u this evening? xo
ID	3	@Buddhistethics  congratulations  were you being mindful through the run as well or / and listening to music?
ID	3	@waynemansfield thanks....
ID	3	@misterfuji I've always been pretty athletic, I especially love b-ball. Anyway, yeah I can run
ID	3	@KimKardashian Ciara was great at SNL..Kim...you were mentioned on SNL tonight..Justin T was really good also
ID	2	just did my bit to stimulate the economy
ID	3	assumes it wasnt so taboo to start an email with &quot;LOL&quot; considering that the reply it got started with &quot;ROFL. PWN3D.&quot; I love the internet!
ID	2	its like 2 in the morning..sometimes I just don't know exactly what is best to do..but I will def. figure it out!  ...HAPPY MOMS DAY!
ID	3	Had a great time with mpix shootout, just great  thanks mpix...
ID	3	first day on new job,, bought a new clothes already and it was 40% off for employee discount!
ID	2	@pamjob yay  i'll do you a heart mk shout in a sec pam
ID	3	@lamarjmorgan looks like you need a local marketing person. I'm booked for 2 gigs in Vegas that day
ID	3	@creamspyder  thanks  you've been quiet lately!
ID	3	@great_northern http://twitpic.com/4wiqv - Awwww she looks like one of my kitty  little furry balls are the best!
ID	3	Finally home, watching saturday night live, then dreaming about my amanda boo
ID	3	@rayamartin http://twitpic.com/4wlpv - whooooooooooooa!!!!!!!!!!!! ang ganda ko dito ha!!!  thank you!
ID	3	is happy mothers day!
ID	3	still playing wii fit LOL fun fun fun,, movies tonight ill upload photos i took today right now check next tweet
ID	2	@ ginniejean there's a lot of mojo all over the place...  yes.
ID	3	@freddurst I am semi in love with you. Just so ya know
ID	2	@RedJeans542 I have to pee.
ID	2	Hope everyone is okay, especially Americans who are affected by the fire or the Swine flu(h1n1) . OKay, I should pray for them
ID	3	Went to a party last night. Dindin and I showed up in matching outfits ) GREAT MINDS THINK ALIKE ) Anyway, happy birthday, ate lara
ID	2	@Lukevdp Actually people were more decisive than that.
ID	3	@erniehalter love your voice  sing Whisper!   (erniehalter live &gt; http://ustre.am/2VkO)
ID	3	Missing my mother... t-11 days! HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!
ID	2	I was feeling guilty about buying a luxurious pair of shoes yesterday until my house mate just saw them and got over excited
ID	3	Hey cool: http://oproer.com/twwwitter/
ID	2	is clamped out...haha
ID	2	@ezrabutler ...I wonder if the Dog is thinking the same thing....   #fml
ID	3	Just got off the phone with lainey the love of my life  . . . Now im taken a crap
ID	3	had a great night with some old friends...we're still &quot;home-town heroes&quot;....some things never change
ID	3	@KenFTWIN I just started watching 30 Rock too, borrowed seasons 1 and 2 from my dad   so good.
ID	3	IS PHONE FUCKING WITH TYSON
ID	3	N now the end to another wise great nite! Excuse me while I dream a little dream
ID	3	I love how when I leave my laptop on my bed it creates a nice toasty spot
ID	3	I love my mommy.
ID	3	@Lotay haha im jewish, i love that one
ID	2	@kristenstewart9 Hi!good luck for the mtvawards, Im sure you're going to win!I hope so!I Love your work! ha you speak spanish? take care
ID	2	I chopped a fringe in last night got tired of having it hang in my eyes. Made a mess
ID	3	@sweet_avenue Love your website! Wish I lived closer to sample the cupcakey treats
ID	4	@unitechy wud like to. But I actually have a free weekend this time and family is visiting. so I'm staying put. next time
ID	3	@Chet6 yep infact she is popular, miss india 99, talented film actress .... and lot more
ID	3	@thisgelly @missneecie Happy Mother's Day to both of yall.  from me and my boys...
ID	3	Had fun early night Vegas because Pool tomorrow
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY.!
ID	3	I love crowded cars  and Ayanna!
ID	3	@lionschmion Honey I don't think you're kidding for a MOMENT, I feel that your dedication to the gorgeous smirky men is STRONG indeed!
ID	3	@DavidArchie Good morning David! Happy Mother's Day to your mom lol. Too bad u can't be with her. She is so awesome!
ID	4	Only just past 8am and already been spoiled rotton
ID	3	@NKOTBSummertime Sweet i'm 5'3 so perfect for me
ID	3	Good morning guys!  Dont forget: Today is mothers day! Mommy? I LOVE YOU ! Youre the best &lt;3
ID	3	Had a blast, babe. Thanks joe. &lt;3  i love everyone! Tyler...happy birthday.
ID	4	@DaveStyles Haha yes and that is BS! all men lie. show me one who doesn't and I'll marry him
ID	3	cynthia and jenny are spamming my twitter! haha
ID	3	@vivanews_com All breaking news will be tweeted here I hope  welcome to twitter!
ID	3	Kandice and I just found 'Baby Sailor Blue' at Casey Moores  http://yfrog.com/0ltrdaj
ID	2	i changed my picture  i am soo screwed, i have an assignment due tomorrow that i havent started, i just cant concentrate argh
ID	3	helll yeah  i found a melon bar in the freezer ....mmm best cure for my hangover
ID	3	@jen004 Nope, not &quot;done&quot; yet
ID	3	Shite night, tomorow, I get to hang out with my little brother and neice, should be sufficient enough to change my mood
ID	3	Toris was SO fun! JB MOVIE WAS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! and i had a good day at work!  YAY i loved the movie! :0
ID	3	@Jae878  thanks  I'm holding my mini laser light thingy lol. How are u?
ID	3	@michaelmagical #warmfuzzies to you, my friend
ID	3	boopboopboop. still talking to ashley &amp; brittany.  i've been talking to ashley for forever, and our convo still goes places. we're awesome
ID	3	@MISS_OTTAWA ur welcome, sweet dreams!
ID	3	@bribee84 LOL too funny!!!  I love my Angels hehe
ID	2	@colinkelly thanks colin hearing that bad knee Imor not il crawl over the finish line  your a wee star
ID	3	@johncmayer lol that just totally made me laugh, which made my day
ID	3	@SarinneJonas thats so cool
ID	3	success!
ID	2	Morning, up early to travel to today's game but reli happy my bro is coming to watch me  x
ID	3	@TomFelton Aww Stanley, have you still got him, they can live for like 20 years right?  x
ID	3	@JackieShimamoto i love cobra starship!!  thanks for the suggestion!
ID	3	Pretty sure my kitties missed me...one is laying on me and the other 2 are on each side of me. They are so cute though.
ID	3	@rowsell you really chose the wrong time of year to do this didnt you
ID	3	@jojowright thank you, god bless im going to eaat my in in out
ID	3	@patriciaco Youtube. ) Really awesome quality, actually.
ID	3	This is dedicated to all those moms out there - Happy Mother's Day  ? http://blip.fm/~5z2g9
ID	3	@lexi_bexi I totally and completely agree
ID	3	just watched what happens in vegas  it was really good
ID	3	@farewellcup thank you for the re-tweet
ID	3	Ready to crash!...had a great day and a FUN night! I couldn't ask for anything more  Night!
ID	3	@beyondthestars omg! shannon Happy Birthday!!!! I'm celebrating for you!
ID	3	I didn't check Twitter till just now. Thanks everyone for all the Congrats! I really really appreciate it  #fb
ID	3	@adityamishra yeah next time
ID	3	@salece the green one! It's limey
ID	3	@DebbieZachry very relaxing thank you. Hope you get to put your feet up tomorrow and enjoy the day
ID	3	@TEAMJAYDENICOLE love the background! those are my fave pics of them when they're at the beach!  thanks for the follow!
ID	4	off to mothers day brunch with the gang. YAY!!!!! It's not the Zoo, but should be just as much fun.
ID	3	@dpfdpf probably something to do with FriendFeed
ID	3	@DavidArchie morning David! i hope you're able to contact you're mom for Mother's Day!she seems really sweet  i guess you get it from her!
ID	2	@MarkMayhew ha! lemme know what you find (tho I suspect it will be a lot of complaints). Have a peaceful night my friend
ID	3	@jordansgirl81 they can be a drag,,but for the most part they come in HANDY  hee hee
ID	3	is awake earlier than expected but is in a good mood and the sun is out
ID	3	if i ran the mile to mcdonalds and ran the mile back would that burn off a double sausage and egg mcmuffin lol
ID	3	@vieriu I am blessed beyond measure
ID	4	@dangercharlie you're welcome char, glad you liked the cake, it's pretty simple you should give it a try
ID	3	watching snl with my ucsd girls and laughing about twitter/blackberry jokes  thought i'd tweet that.
ID	3	Also I was conviced to do a happy dance and then told it was the most adorable happy dance ever
ID	3	We got JoJo in for free and free drinks for Mom! My kind of night
ID	3	@libras_art That would be the one.  It's awesome sauce.
ID	3	i love the music video of you belong with me by taylor
ID	3	Happy Mother's day to allMothers, Cheers!!
ID	3	@emmilyxoxo wow,that must be sooo cool
ID	3	@katehughes So what do you do when you wake up? Morning by the way
ID	2	@mandysaturn13 @_Bella_Cullen13 posted and its good
ID	3	@r_u_b_y_l totes it's gonna be fun as bi-otch. yeah she'll do it... we'll make her!!
ID	3	@indigofish911 Ooooh! I thought eggos were some kind of synthetic egg or egg sustitute or something. You crazy Americans
ID	3	@teresanguyen oo ok. When I opened up twitterfon and it said I had a reply I was like lauren Conrad andswere me  haha
ID	3	had an okay day. but hanging out with brianna and saelina was good
ID	3	@nikkidang Yeah I've been going there for the last month!!  SO amaaaazing, I'll bring some back for you
ID	3	you tell yo mamma an em i axe how she durrin, and that i said happy mothers day.
ID	3	I want some candy!!!
ID	3	@mistressmia had not heard the title or author before, must look it up  Enjoy
ID	3	@patofnavar Dylan Dont think twice.
ID	3	@mcmike337 Yeaa I Know She is Smartier Then That, plus She Knows The real Thing Is Better Lol
ID	3	is having fun with the traditional family dinner party for Mother's Day...
ID	3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
ID	4	just got back from..ahem, meal#4...was boring but had to eat nonetheless
ID	0	And they are really censoring over at nin.com and I really hesitate to go over there are talk about this
ID	1	And they are really censoring over at nin.com and I really hesitate to go over there are talk about this
ID	2	Calling it a night .... talk to yall tomorrow
ID	3	Good Morning and Happy Mothers Day everyone
ID	3	@jessicasydney i did, haha. i'll run is more suitable, at the moment.
ID	3	This is the earliest I've been up for ages! Body is crying to go back to sleep... Must resist! A shower should do the trick
ID	3	haven't twittered in forever. yeah, just had my sixteenth birthday party tonight
ID	3	@Meshel_Laurie your dad is a superman for pulling through! Take it easy
ID	3	that boy over there is something worth admiring
ID	3	Ra'anana is a wonderful place
ID	3	ending my evening on the best note.  i will love you forever, tweets.
ID	3	@delamarRX931 haha, happened to me a lot of times. Know the feeling. Happy mums day to ur mom too delle
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all mothers including my own mom!
ID	3	Prism is the MY nEW wEBTOP.. mozilla labs rocks my world...
ID	3	@BB517 @mespptc Yeah I'm okay been icing and ace bandage and sitting on my @$$ on twitter... LOL Thanks
ID	3	@yongfook  ack ~ of course i'm a person! but i think @alaskamiller knows that
ID	0	@ericludzenski Fuck you
ID	1	@ericludzenski Fuck you
ID	3	@akingbayo umm i like lucas and peyton  wbu ?
ID	2	@disang iya, nyokap gue pernah berkata demikian  :-|  and it's so hard to share what we have
ID	2	@Rayyychell They're for my mama  I always bake late and get worried that the mixer is gonna bother people.
ID	3	@Chaela12312 yay, I'm glad  THOUGH MAN I WANTED TO SEE IT
ID	3	@rhettroberts haha no, I was referring to the band... http://www.myspace.com/lcdsoundsystem
ID	3	@robdelete yo  what you think of last night? was good to see ya!
ID	3	Mango Medley has yummy mango and mango ice cream!
ID	3	Gotta get up early to spend some time with my mommy before I go to work, so I'm off to bed. Goodnight twitter
ID	3	well.. i just saw the dead zone for the first time. its a good TV show. @ddlovato is back
ID	3	God, i lOVE quizzes. when i get my phone im gonna be on it 24/7 doing facebook quizzes.
ID	3	is getting married in Vegas in November by an Elvis impersonator am so happy!!!
ID	3	@jason_2008 don't be sorry  you can race for charity or just for fun. I do this one for fun.
ID	3	Man, finishing &quot;Operation Anchorage&quot; sure gives you an unfair advantage, loot-wise... I love the stealth field suit and Gauss rifle
ID	3	@yinawu Happy Mother's Day  http://bit.ly/iJm54  (my friends made the video)
ID	4	I am usually more creative on Mother's Day but lately I have not been feeling creative. O.K.. Good Night.  uh Morning...
ID	3	off to pearlyn's place - gran's bday + mothers' day dinner tonight!  mom went for adults' svc today!!!  (L) happy mothers' day moms!
ID	3	This morning is for smiling smugly to oneself. Anyone can join in
ID	2	@snoopmikey will terminator be on next week's TRS by chance? and i dont mean tuesday's release, but the next
ID	3	@TomFelton awww. sooo adorable!  how old were u in that video?
ID	3	@ahoova Thanks, that was gonna be my next tweet...You the man  Figuratively speaking
ID	3	Sha and i are fcp/macbook pro buddies now.
ID	2	new photo   im hungry...getting off the computer now!
ID	3	Hahhahah I'm watching the greatest movie ever
ID	3	I'm going to see sweeney todd on stage with my best friend for her bday today (I know I'm going to be the one who sings along!!)
ID	2	@foprof LOL.  Leave a kid on internet and the kid will do stupid things.
ID	2	Here  dude we got here n a table readyyy fo us
ID	3	@DelicatelyReal looool .. me 2 !! ana i will vote 7ag ele ye6le3ni taqa3od now
ID	3	@ahbilly are you in need of another kiss attack??
ID	3	@crystallynn09 I know!! Yayy
ID	3	@heidimontag - Bless you as well sweetie, and i hope you have a wonderful weekend
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all Mums on Twitter
ID	3	@raytoro just kick their asses and call it a day.
ID	3	Alright, I think it's time for bed...even though I'll probably surf the net for another hour before I go to sleep lol! Goodnight
ID	3	@Emmieman So ur moomie liked the Pandora? you can buy me one next lol
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day!!!
ID	3	@greggrunberg Can you please @elazar with that? I'd love some egg +bacon +ranch +bed for giving birth 3 times in 4 years!
ID	3	Happy Mothers day to all the Mothers in my life
ID	4	@parboo LOL - Birmingham was my 1st love... but it's time to move on! ;) Good Morning
ID	3	3:31 loved the rain this morning,
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
ID	3	@ddlovato demi if you can i think itd be amazing if you covered thats what you get by paramore haha im sure you know it
ID	3	wishes that you would see not with your eyes but with your heart.  http://plurk.com/p/sv5bb
ID	2	@godlessgirl ha, great description of your jealousy I must say.  I will upload a pic 2morrow.  the tat actually represents free-thinking
ID	2	@twilightfan01 Lol, me too!!
ID	3	G'night Twitterverse! Thanks for keeping me entertained!!
ID	3	@solobasssteve Morning, dude! Ivy has decided she wants to go on a boat today. Are you guys around this PM? Would be nice to see you.
ID	3	Hence the smiley face.  ha ha ha ha. Lol yeah i'm hong to be tired as fuck tomorrow. But guess what i do not care.
ID	3	@stanlopez awesome..am headin there that nite after my grad dinner  c u then boi! hehe
ID	4	Star Trek movie: riveting. Soundtrack: superb. Overall experience: fantastic. Alyssa jumping at german shepherd: priceless.
ID	3	can't believe I just drove all the way back to school...whatever HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY: Mommy, Precious, Candis and Granny
ID	3	@ryezzzzahh hahahaha yay!!!! Lakers!!! And I would please like some of that dip!!
ID	3	Happy mothers day mom.. i love yew...
ID	0	FUCK EM
ID	1	FUCK EM
ID	3	Travel blog up and running!  http://charlenedianetravels.blogspot.com Can't wait to start filling it up with entries! )
ID	3	happy mothers day!!
ID	3	@snarkandboobs LOL! I liked the log ride reference, but all I think about when I think of that ride is how wet you get
ID	2	@tooshort55 it'll probably come out like I'm drunk or something...I'll be so nervous!! LOL...thats why we will be there to help eachother
ID	4	At social.  just saw G-1.. Awwww
ID	3	GoodMorning, Hope Everyone Has A Beautiful Day Today  x
ID	3	With My Boy Still  He's everything to me
ID	3	Is pretty hammered drunk! Props to me! Two nights in a row!!!
ID	3	@nita49 A big ginger and white male cat and a little female tortoiseshell. Both indoor cats and rule the house
ID	2	Home now  phone with jason and it's off to bed i go  good night and good night
ID	2	@wildmanrouse cool shot!
ID	2	@BizChamp yes! it definitely paid off ... thanks 4 the advice
ID	3	@JoeJonas1Fan1 I know, me too!!
ID	3	is going to help lancey cook
ID	3	@stephenhartley Gotta love skype! Make sure you get their new update!
ID	3	@silverarcheress ah, ok  thank youuuuuu!
ID	3	@TomFelton Haha! What's it like looking back on work? Or fun, as I'm sure it was
ID	4	@juliegoodacre I was thinking of changing it but it is a hassle for everyone who follows us so I get to be Jason
ID	3	I am in total love with my Lip ring...more than all 12 of my piercings...it is my ut-most favorite
ID	0	@kryanth heh, you seem to have a complex about your iPhone jealousy. This self-denial is harmful! Just let it out.
ID	1	@kryanth heh, you seem to have a complex about your iPhone jealousy. This self-denial is harmful! Just let it out.
ID	3	@pcsketch Well I am going to get off now so I'll talk to you later. Goodnight and good dreams
ID	2	@DHughesy @rove1974 dudes, c'mon - that's almost the ghey!
ID	4	@solangeknowles you are so freaking awesome Solange. Happy mother's day. i wish i had a mom like you...sad. blah. but best wishes!
ID	3	@ Ember with Dante... I have so much fun with him  can I smile any harder...
ID	3	@JoeEGO I never 4get bout u .. Your my boyfriend #2... whom I lovesssss down .. Let's chill this week
ID	3	@GriffReviews LOL yea I know! I'm almost done with my semester this week  yay!!
ID	3	niqhty niqht niqht .. all toqether, GREAT day  ;; @AyyoJayFresSh ily yall !!
ID	2	Exhausted but happy  supercool gig at Love amazing crowd amazing club so happy to be there! Now off to sleep for a few hours
ID	3	better get to sleep, dodger game/mothers day 2maro  ewl i have to wake up at 8!
ID	3	Morning People!  Just woke up now!
ID	3	Had a great night! Tomorrow is mothers day
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day. Take ur mothers into a special place.
ID	3	The sun is shining brightly and the day has just begun! What's in store? Wandering around les calanques maybe? Vin, definitely!
ID	3	Justin Timberlake and Leonard Nimoy? And a Dick in The Box sequel? priceless
ID	3	Thank you OpenDNS for saving me from Comcast's crappy DNS server. My internet is back up to par finally.
ID	4	@NikkiBenz i hope so, recorded the pit/was game to find out it didnt record... lucky it wasn't the leafs, i woulda lost it by now
ID	3	@iMBA haha Good job getting close. Her eyes are set somewhere else though
ID	3	Wrestlefest was fun! Now tune into www.latalkradio.com from 2-3 sunday and chat with me
ID	4	aww thats wikid, i need to book myne again sooon  miss you to lovely!! im off ned some brekkie.. speak soon dudde xxx
ID	2	@kelsistoudt kels i think i figured this out.. and yer my only real friend on here so im pretty much just stalking you
ID	3	Steak and shake with ramon, matt, and chris.
ID	4	@joooo The rest of the week is less than 2.5 hours long
ID	3	My 100th post- dedicated to Sarah,sunny weather,and my love for that Snakes On A Plane (Bring It) song that should have died already.
ID	4	just got home! LET US ALL BE CONNECTED WITH GOD, CONSTANTLY!
ID	3	Oh, and yippee for Lyn-Z Way who gets to celebrate Mother's Day for the first time as a mother.
ID	3	Best day at park for Mother's day -- love my Mum to bits!! Massive weekend tho -- wee bit weary but super content!
ID	3	Yes, I love tea. If that makes me typically English then so be it
ID	3	@juleswriteslove you're absolutely welcome.  i love you too and am happy i was able to help make that moment happen.
ID	3	@mileycyruuus Hi  You are such a babe. Want to hang? I love you ! xD
ID	2	Sleep is not coming easy. Sleeping pills. Need them. Maybe this is why my mind is soo wild lately. No sleep=craziness. Proven fact!
ID	2	hairspray on tv!
ID	2	[ I'm not sure what you mean by &quot;blowin this joint&quot;?? &quot;] rb@ladypn lol lol good one......  ? http://blip.fm/~5z2zo
ID	3	@BB517  lol he does love spahkly gold things....
ID	3	@camilleprats aaaw... that's very sweet of him. my girl friends gots to drag them hubbies just so we can &quot;nite-out&quot;. unless my beer. LoL
ID	3	sittin by the fire...yes!
ID	2	just came bak from dancing with my NEEWWWW cd  haha im dancing again
ID	3	watchin my favie @themandymoore in because I said so..then catching up on much needed sleep!! goodnight
ID	3	@ernalicious36 @raerosero thanks homskis! Its like christmas!
ID	3	Long day of dancin, travelin, and celebrating life  happy mothers day!!
ID	3	is the luckiest girl in the world &lt;3
ID	3	@katofawesome Praying for love in a lap dance, and paying in naivety. &lt;--One of my fav songs
ID	3	@tom_conrad you take such good photos.
ID	3	@MariahCarey The first thing she said means &quot;Your new album is really good&quot; and the second thing, &quot;Don't it's broken&quot;. I am Persian!
ID	3	Listening to some house music!(what else?) I got a gig in San Francisco next Friday. BE THERE  details on my www.myspace.com/djspy
ID	3	Dang baby i love you ma
ID	3	@StevenSmith1990 Indeed, twitter is where its at mate, its all happening on here.  Enjoy. Hope to see you arou.. http://twurl.nl/j4o1xe
ID	2	Just got home. :3 Was pleased with Star Trek.
ID	3	is at the salon with my mom  happy mothers day mom!
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to everyone lucky enough to be a mommy. extra special happy to @LuciIrene who became a mommy 2day
ID	3	[Dashboard - Modest Mouse] First Modest Mouse blip! Oyay, not bad.  ? http://blip.fm/~5z309
ID	2	i had a vivid dream last night! i was crooning away
ID	3	@lilmisssunstar will do! Tell my mommy I said the same n I love her mucho mucho!
ID	3	I just received a mothers day card from my lovely daughter wishing my a happy mothers day  http://tr.im/kWK9
ID	3	The Star Trek movie was amazing! omg everyone has to go see it
ID	2	These nice boys realized that we were too short to see over them at the concert and moved   Ugggg, now it's time to pack.  Early flight.
ID	2	@iantalbot It was indeed a lovely evening. Over far too quickly  I got home at 1115 in the end. Coffee in bed this morning
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all of the wonderful women out there.  Have a great and relaxful day.
ID	3	browsing thru adopting agencies, i'm gonna get some exotic kids
ID	3	I am tired of my phone. Walkman works like a charm, but l need better video and wap really. Thanks for yesterday and for buying my album
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the Mommiessss
ID	3	@mattgarner haha what's up Matt ?
ID	3	@KandyBee we shuld do  a dance like that its seriously the best thing haha. see yu tomoro.
ID	3	@TravelTweetie I will go to sleep now. Might be awakened early w/breakfast tray from my 'spark' &amp; my 'joper' w/their Dad's help
ID	3	@nak1a &quot;If there's a camel up a hill&quot; and &quot;I'll give you plankton&quot; ....HILARIOUS!!
ID	3	@Bern_morley LOL I love your kids
ID	4	@davecandoit dude that honest to god happens to me all the time.. minus the trail mix.
ID	3	Home. Tonight was fun  thanks!
ID	2	Happy Mother's Day to the tweetin' mamas  Nite tweeple!
ID	3	On my way home...then SLEEP! Seeing Amber Pacific tomorow with the besties
ID	3	@xoMusicLoverxo I'm using it in a story. I actually already wrote it but have to write the chapters before it.
ID	3	...definitely the first time I've felt alive again in years. Super happy
ID	4	In a lazy sunday; just had a very late lunch,and forget to buy PR,we're on page 16
ID	3	@camilleprats http://twitpic.com/4woj2 - omgssh  ang cute ng bby.!
ID	3	@trekkerguy Yeah, I have seen the reviews and they are great! It is just that the reviews surprised me. Now getting tickets for tonight
ID	3	@joyfrequencies Yes, but I'm quite rusty.  I'm hoping to get back to it and &quot;tune up&quot; my skills.  Tim plays guitar.  We threaten duets.
ID	0	@freddyfierce google away
ID	1	@freddyfierce google away
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there I happen to have the greatest Mom in the world  I love my Mom she's my best friend
ID	3	@blp2008 lol yep  tell rhonda i said happy mother's day!
ID	3	@laurenkel pancakes!! with lemon and sugar thanks!
ID	3	It's not my best writing, well i don't think. LOL. but it's some! I'd read it all if i were you!  It's pretty damn good after all! =}. LOL
ID	2	@bubbalou1969 Morning Lou, I Have some housework to do then im off to Church
ID	4	rain drops keep falling on my head..
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOMS OUT THERE !!!
ID	3	Today felt so much more crazy than it was!!  I digg the new addition to the family! there pretty cool
ID	4	@JayceiiNc im disgusted as well and baron, spelling lessons homie!! haha it's &quot;effort&quot; and &quot;team&quot; r u shwasty? shloshed?  i love you
ID	3	@RisaRM I tried replying to your mono lake tweet but dunno what happened. Just said I know that lake very well.
ID	4	@HilzFuld Patience, it's worth it
ID	3	Wine..beer..and champagne..lets see how that goes for me tomorrow..lol
ID	3	hahaha. tea at grandma's was sweat. yep.
ID	3	Took yesterday off &amp; treated myself to an outfit &amp; shoes, I have not treated myself in a while, my mothers day gift to me
ID	3	Just got home from morongo.. Havin a corona  Won 100 bucks woo! Lol I wish it woulda been 100,000 instead :-/
ID	3	@WestEndActress Haha same as miine
ID	3	@troublebrother no, stay and play!!!
ID	3	Favorite little cartoon movie in the world
ID	3	is back from the play cafe, was great to enjoy a coffee while the boys played, have some Rose choccies for later when the boys are in bed
ID	3	tonight my bed has been the Enterprise and I was Mrs Kirk
ID	3	I ate a foot long from subway like an hour ago! OMG! I'm happy and full. I hadn't ate since b-fast.  happy Lis.
ID	3	@kayleelovexx love those panties
ID	3	Sasha's helped too, of course
ID	4	@DespinaCook or least for the firmware upgrade. just buying some time until I get my tax return really
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day!!!  &lt;3
ID	3	Can you tell that *Someone* has been reading Knowledge of the Holy by A.W. Tozer?    All his work should be required reading.
ID	3	Happy Mother's day to all mum's in america
ID	3	Wow Justin Timberlake on SNL tonight was hilarious! You gotta love that dude!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to every single mom out there. I love my mommy
ID	3	@heycassadee thanks for following, it means a lot to me  i love hey monday!
ID	2	Happy Mother's Day. . .
ID	3	@MarshaCollier It was indeed, an excellent movie.
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4woxf - Hehe, I flew a plane.. the pink t-shirt is me
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4woxi - Btw, concert was freaking awesome
ID	2	@captainludd I will have to see the unveiling of your new LR arrangement!  Is there an official event planned
ID	4	rblpnqte @sheryonstone: &quot;sheesh I am sending one up to you @ladypn.  I think you could use it  lol&quot; RB DELUX... ? http://blip.fm/~5z36j
ID	3	just finished my mothers day gift  ill post the link after she sees it!
ID	4	Early morning walkies really aren't my thing... at least it's vaguely warm
ID	3	Made coffee cake for her mom
ID	3	@tommcfly i saw you on tues and last niiiighht &lt;3 so amazzzing, didnt even notice you forgetting the wordddss
ID	3	says HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!  http://plurk.com/p/sv70e
ID	3	@paudevera Oh sure  I'M IN LOVE WITH THEM ?
ID	3	i saw my credit-card statement. maybe i should receive the unholy Aiden fan package!! yaaaaay.
ID	3	@candyconquest Yes you are, thanks  Haha you do? Field of flowers don't exist in Singapore, well not ones that you can frolick in:S
ID	2	@rocketman528 How are you?
ID	3	be back later!  HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS IN THE WORLD!  GOD LOVES US ALL!
ID	3	@walkingthetalk So true Donna  Wish you a joyfull sunday ~Siddy
ID	3	@CSI_PrintChick exactly! Thats the first time i saw his @ reply to Jon. Never going there again. Oh have fun with d new phone.
ID	2	@tonyt787 I read them a couple of weeks ago  They work really well with the movie.
ID	4	Just woke up from nap and then ate nasi padang and pisang cokelat
ID	3	watching bruce all mighty at home
ID	2	*sigh* Off 2 bed 2 try 2 get these crummy 2 hrs of sleep b4 my horrid 12 hour day..smh. Niterzzz evry1. Don't let the twitterbugz bite..
ID	3	it's amazing, makes my heart sing
ID	3	@rhettmatic happy birthday
ID	3	@alyandajfanatic YAY!! that's so cool  aww that woulda been sweet, no worries though! I'm just glad you had fun!!
ID	3	@amnitaleandra Ow. Okay.  It's good you're better now.
ID	3	Is relaxing in bed for a while before I go to sleep. It was nice to get out of my house for a while tonight
ID	2	im such a sucker for great cottys
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to yall (and me too!!!) My damn son takin my coolness for a weakness... But it's all good. Keepin it all positive
ID	2	Hearing a surprising news about my bestfriend...where are you sis ? You have to tell me the whole story
ID	3	Out and about in Deal, Kent. More sunshine required me thinks  http://yfrog.com/0egwanj
ID	4	Well twitts I was waiting on a response from @DawnRichard, but she's out partying and having a good time,so maybe some other day!
ID	2	Off to enjoy a Hanami picnic at the cherry tree park. Hope the weather stays nice.
ID	3	@heatherbond I'd love to!!
ID	3	@tyleigh Thanks! Hope you find a job soon!...OH, almost forgot: I landed a role in an indie flick!  My first audition ever lol.
ID	3	fun night tonight, and my house looks so purrrty. Until tomorrow when the kids come home
ID	3	@BB517  not even a little bit biKnightual  (ha ha... tweedeck doesn't see the spelling problem with BK....ha!) but love it anyway.
ID	3	Good morning to another too late sleeper @DesignsbyValeri.  One of my excellent designers is Valerie (see @BooneWallbeds) picture
ID	3	@djunity thanks!
ID	3	@trent_reznor Trent don't get mad at me but I keep thinking you're pretending to be engaged for some reason
ID	3	a night alone with my piano...and a pro tools session... ill take that ANYTIME.
ID	2	@janeybelle15 morning sounds like hard work
ID	3	is going to watch the two davids. yey
ID	3	@johndb10 LOLOL.. i think it's funny that about 190 people think you're lieing about being &quot;the REAL john barrowman&quot;
ID	3	Photovia secondstar05) i dreamt i was doing spells from harry potter yesterday night lol  i loved it. http://tumblr.com/xyt1qynya
ID	3	Today is another good day for some less extreme experiences... Anyone a fan of #24? I'm watching season 4 now
ID	3	sweet nk dreams love you all
ID	3	@ lovelytrinkets I like the way you worded that about Rocky Road
ID	3	@amedawg18 Haha, that's great. Yeah, Zachary Quinto as Spock is really awesome indeed!!!
ID	3	Romantic evening in with papa murphys and &quot;battle BC&quot; from the history channel
ID	2	FINALLY GOT THE BIKE I WANTED!
ID	3	YAY! My temperature went down!  I can have dinner with the family tonight.
ID	3	Lying in bed with my most favorit girl in the world. happy mommys day to me.
ID	3	@trippingtracy if there's a pow wow in the chicago area, definitely check it out, they're so fun! Happy Mother's Day
ID	3	@thylady yay! welcome to the etsy-seller world
ID	3	@HockeyTShirt Folks thought it was hilarious when I told them the story, and then they saw the shirt I wore tonight.  Laughter all night.
ID	3	@AniaRysz oh cool i can't wait!! yours are awesome!!!
ID	4	@joooo No, but Geek Minds Think Alike.
ID	2	No burgers to be found. New (old) camera to play with though, so that's excellent.
ID	3	love new shoes  thanks wine lo
ID	2	@iamoph Happy mothers day sharon
ID	3	@anna_007 Don't worry, they'll get bored of it! Just hang in there and don't give in!
ID	3	@sunmee hope the studyin went well
ID	3	Is finally home, fed and ready to go to bed and its only 2:45am.  That's gotta be a record
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day all of the mom's around the world!  I love mine more than anything in the world and can't wait to celebrate! WOO!
ID	3	Hopes to find more mates that are on this thing
ID	3	@lexxie_couper  I've heard that. 2 of my sons have seen it and one wants to see it again. I can't wait to get there
ID	3	@krystynchong Love to see that!
ID	3	@shaki_sm I'll have a look. Do you live in the centre of Glasgow? I was born on Bellshill &amp; grew up in Bothwell. I miss Tunnocks pies
ID	3	@scottiejen knackered! been awake since 5 as couldn't sleep! just started work now. coffee and toast sounds awesome  chris has been busy!
ID	3	In bed after a good last saturday in ec. I'm gonna miss this place but can't wait til summer
ID	2	stilll awakee :] and its 3am
ID	2	Oh thank god!  so sad that I'm this happy.
ID	3	@RetroRewind hey dave im just up in the UK and first thing i done was put RR on  could u play ill be there new kids on the block thanks
ID	3	Seriously though. Amazing night.
ID	3	going to bed. good night everyone! i love you all (or should i say good morning?)  sweet dreams
ID	4	@dcal44 Been meaning to email you for months. Your pre-reunion party must be coming up soon. Really wish I could be there. &gt;140 char soon
ID	3	@AmyQcoocachoo THANK YYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOUUUUU!
ID	2	@TaoGem I hope you didn't take that quote personally!! I've been throwing them out here and there all day-guess I shoulda waited a bit
ID	3	@cookiedorksx3 Me too,but i'm goitn to go to shower!And cleanin' up my room and later eat somethin'
ID	3	@celia_brads i've finished  lol
ID	2	happy 4 all of U who R celebrating mothers day w/ yr moms  i lost MY mom 2 cancer sevrl years ago...
ID	3	@penitch awwww..... thought it'd be a &quot;yummy&quot; experience.  Will try it next time. Kapag magkakasama ulet tayo nila Mapet ;-)
ID	4	uploading photos. ughhhh, i have to go to school early tomorrow. fml. but woo excursion. i win
ID	2	@SteamyDarcy Apple's ads aside, I'd rather have recommendations from real people who have real experience with the iPhone apps I seek.
ID	3	I'm calling your room-mate!!!
ID	3	@tommcfly AHHHHHHH!!!!! its my 16th birthday  And i cant belive i found out im seeing yous tonight  Best present everr!!! &lt;333333333
ID	3	o, and happy mothers day
ID	3	@Bassisland that is really brilliant!
ID	3	Morning everybody
ID	3	@SOLAMAYA Went to your site! Would love to help &amp; work with you! I will do whatever I can to help support your cause! Awesome!!!!
ID	2	No phone call yett... Hrmm. Maybe a call from my end is in order?  I'll wait a bit longer, Prom nights are often 'spuratic' moments.
ID	3	@love_the_game GIRL!  Work it! Hope you had the Slammer, and had fun with the Moldovan! I want to hear details!!!
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful MOMS out there. MOMS are what makes the world stay balanced. Have a great Mothers Day
ID	3	I Love You MOM....alwayyyyyyyssssssss
ID	3	@BrendaSimons do i wanna kno wat u mean by more than fine? Lol now i'm curious lol. I may have money by then  tis good too.
ID	3	@NickMLTM  oh man that sucks hardcore! haha good luck finishing up recording
ID	4	Feeling like crap today. Hopefully a nice relaxing swim will do the trick
ID	2	found @grahamcoxon's Spinning Top instead of outtamyleague mp3. pardon me sir. but i promise i'll buy a copy of the cd. i'm saving up
ID	3	Morning tweeps  Looking forward to a relaxing Sunday. Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!!
ID	3	just woke up...for  once I managed to sleep in!! going out for lunch later then back to essay
ID	3	One more thing &quot;Shattered&quot; is an amazing song by O.A.R.
ID	2	@2indya anytime
ID	3	Done...now another gem of a day in Cape Town
ID	3	@steveplunkett  Hey, I need a car too. I'll dm you my address.
ID	0	@CKHerm Glad you got to walk.  Finish the damn thesis.
ID	1	@CKHerm Glad you got to walk.  Finish the damn thesis.
ID	2	It's mother day, my mom is still there and better than a week ago, I am happy  Weird knowing it's the last one, tho.
ID	3	@spanglegluppet thank you for the link! it explains a lot! and I'm glad you're feeling good! I've a friend coming tomorrow. will be fun!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wp8s - My ear hurts, and THIS is my medicine. GUM
ID	3	goodnight and good bye to all of you, hope you have the best of dreams
ID	3	@demiswissfan love you 2  so how are you? xxxx
ID	3	Now comes the fun part  Because you can find only a few offers per country or you live outside US, your changes can be quite tiny.
ID	3	partied w/ @jboosf @_SML, elitecamp, rock steady crew + the ladies (wow), and of course crazy legs - holla! lmao - sober. totally sober
ID	3	@saltyboots @teeenuhh happy mommy day Teens-thanks FFF
ID	3	watched sex &amp; the city season 1 &amp; drank a little wine w/ my date...just ended w/ a goodnight kiss. i could get used 2 this  night night!
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day to all Mothers every where
ID	3	SWAY SWAY BABY zommgg love it  need more screamo tho boys
ID	3	just finished tlking to laura 2 hours and 7 minutes lol... going to sleep. night ppl
ID	2	@simplyjesslee she's hot     What is up w/ all the unknown followers? I've got quite a few- no clue as to why they're following ME.
ID	3	finally gone to the beach, yeaaaah!
ID	3	@joywilder That's a popular one! (cccd)  Thx for replying
ID	3	@chokewho Nah, rolled with Jason Manly, who is a talented BJJ ace who mauls me any way...   Jake is looking great, can't wait to fight.
ID	3	@knatchwa Buenos Dias! How very sweet, thank you
ID	3	@ZnaTrainer Ahhh Music to my ears!
ID	2	@noisydogstudio sorry 2 hear albert isnt well? dont know whole story, so i'll keep ya'll both in my prayers. (((hugs))) 2 u both!
ID	2	i am a freshman in this site. how to update? help
ID	3	i'm lookin for email to this man  i have his photo -Spray Painting in Wroclaw(Poland) by Kosmo http://bit.ly/EOvVN
ID	3	&quot;suprised&quot; mom with a cake and a present, because it's mother's day!  dad had bought flowers. : &gt;
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there! Do have a good and enjoyable day
ID	3	What a fantastic full-on weekend!  Going to finish on a high, with a cheeky chilli thai fried rice &amp; a few glasses of red
ID	3	Aiden KNIVES out May 12th www.myspace.com/aiden. excited!!!!!
ID	3	@avgs I like only the james bond series. Thats what a spy movie is!
ID	3	@Eganan- I LOVE YOU!!!! YOU MAKE ME SO HAPPY!!!!
ID	3	eating truffles  yum!
ID	3	Swords make everyone sexy.  Oh, Harold.
ID	3	Installed NetGear 802.11n (draft) router today, throughput has definately increased
ID	4	Sweet dreams!I'm tired  I'm so excited I might actually get to golf in the morning! Family tradition!
ID	2	@deedeedet i know. i need to get their cd somewhere.. hopefully they sell it here in finland.
ID	2	words to live by  ? http://blip.fm/~5z3ij
ID	2	@dspecial1 awww  thanks lol - ermm what happened to the studying !? ha ha
ID	3	@LeslieLang It will be an Adventure!  Have FUN with your 5 yr old and 8 mo old! (You're brave.)    Hope you have a great time!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mums out there, old &amp; new.
ID	3	@KerriAnson  My day was good!  Spent the day catching up on sleep, relaxing.. kind of a lazy day! hehe. oooo shopping! How did you resist?
ID	2	Now comes the fun part  Because you can find only a few offers per country or you live outside US, your changes can be quite tiny.
ID	3	@shubhamsingal oh I am so sure they do get everything. They live their like celebrities
ID	3	is Happy Mothers Day.   Taking Mum out for dinner to one of my favourite restaurants down Glenelg now
ID	3	last leg of my travels today. totally exhausted, but thank goodness &quot;Ed&quot; is keeping me company
ID	3	sunday is runday- outta bed and onto the road
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	@Buffalokid Thanks for the feedback. Surreal life, surreal oils
ID	3	@NathanFillion Your window ledge is decorated quite appropriately. I love it
ID	3	@MusicalChilly Thank you and u too lady!!!!
ID	3	Ive got the greatest boyfriend in the world. I love him so so much.
ID	3	@lulliecarole that was delicious! lets have a walk sometimes with you and your hubby.. and others! me misses you
ID	3	http://www.eabeauty.net - The world of beauty and pretty girls   I'm testing new version
ID	3	@aerform I love you so much.  Just got into my hiding spot, gonna go check out datalounge
ID	3	Last week I had 516 hits on my guinea pig pictures on webshots! And I didn't even promote them! Way to go
ID	3	#SanctuarySunday @nirroca yay for #Sanctuary, I may watch Requiem after breakfast!
ID	3	@DougieMcfly Haha dude, we have the same b-date :p I'll wish u ur b-day the 3oth November. I'll also turn 16  Can u reply to me please ?
ID	2	This is to all the people who have MySpaces: PLEASE ADD!!! http://wwww.myspace.com/fiftyfivethreads it's my friend's clothing line
ID	3	@calikara22 @darthamandar @trippplesweet grats to aaron and christine
ID	3	@burbankhays ohhh I remember when you gave your dad a shoutout at the mcr at MSG show last year. that was so sweet
ID	2	@jesssseca i won't make u cry
ID	3	is wishing everyone a blessed &amp; beautiful Mother's Day!
ID	2	@Caps_Girl Girl, those are bangin' shoes!!!  Work it!
ID	3	@MariahCarey &quot;VISION OF LOVE&quot; Play now &quot;i had the vision of luv n it was aaaaaoOUoOuoOUU that u..turn out..toOoo&quot; Mariah this ur part
ID	3	BWAHAHAHAHA! Shut the fuck up... @BarryManilow is TOTES following me right now! Who made the account? Made me giggle like a school girl!
ID	3	Twas a good show. I even liked Ciara's last song.   Time for me to go to bed. G'night!
ID	3	@RetroRewind You're a good friend Dave.. we can wait!! Hope we dont have to wait too long though
ID	0	The best thing about Ciara. She just finished singing!
ID	1	The best thing about Ciara. She just finished singing!
ID	3	@katyperry it's Under a Honeymoon by The Good Life
ID	3	@paulbay1028 Bit of a lie -in. Eaten all the bread.  It's way too good to giveaway.
ID	3	@therealsavannah Today was fun  &lt;333
ID	3	@snowded nice one
ID	3	@angelistic u understand now why i keep telling u MAKE A TWITTER app that understand MY NEED
ID	3	@sharonhayes: &quot;Congrats my friend on ruling Canada @iamkhayyam *hugs&amp;gropes*&quot; Just for today I'm #1  ? http://blip.fm/~5z3oi
ID	3	having a great time with family!! big ups to my bro n sis in law for hanging out  love n peace! {be free}
ID	4	@asombroso bahahaha. I love Gabriel - absolutely fucking hilarious!!!
ID	3	Does anyone still play N64 anymore? or Super Nintendo? Weren't those days the best? haha. So many flashbacks!
ID	2	@faulko1 was always told to keep sucking something like fruit gums
ID	3	Day dreaming of Fuzzball and SNL  http://fuzz-ball.com/twitter
ID	3	@firedwarftj i was right about the wave off
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day mom!  I love you!
ID	3	@SelenaGomez selena's mom congratulations' have a nice day
ID	3	He brings SOOO much joy!! Show it!!  great song! ? http://blip.fm/~5z3oq
ID	3	@And_OKeefe Yay! You're on Twitter! You're my secret celeb crush!  (too much info??)
ID	3	Home at last 1 more day till my weekend begins!!
ID	3	He brings SOOO much joy!! Show it!!  great song! ? http://blip.fm/~5z3oq http://ff.im/2L63l
ID	3	@Jewels14333 Happy Mothers Day
ID	3	@ReeceReece Kind of, good job though.  I know no better.  I might see you this Friday w/ Arbie.
ID	3	OK dear tweeps, goodnight! I need 2 get up early 2 say Happy Mothers Day 2 wife n mom
ID	3	feels at home to be back at church
ID	3	had a great time talkin with Mike tonight for three hrs.
ID	3	@pcsketch I am actually wanting to buy a bus one day &amp; turn it into a motor home. Imagine a whopping big BlokesLib logo on it
ID	3	The most epic weekend I've had in atleast a year. Night cap with @aaron_matthes and @trumpy03. 2 hours of sleep in 3 days! Goodnight
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day
ID	3	@soulsweetness I will, n btw happy mothers day sissy
ID	3	08.05.09 partying at the Pineforest  http://tinyurl.com/ojugsb
ID	4	Finally home and exhausted.  Work week is over, but I still expect less than 5 hours sleep tonight.  Happy Mother's Day! I luv you Mom
ID	4	and to think that all I've ever played for is just fun   I suck at marketing and promotion..
ID	3	Using my old phone!  gosh! I miss this phone!
ID	3	get down tonight: http://bit.ly/QxXhi  the bridesmaids, moms, bride &amp; I rockin' the reception
ID	3	Happy Baby Mommas Day!!  to all the&gt;&gt; MOMMAS&lt;&lt; on Twitterville
ID	3	@ishaNikki congratss to them
ID	4	@guillermop you should.
ID	3	@kenakasoulstar thank you.
ID	3	Good morning World   This will be another wonderfull day, starting with breakfst with champions...  my kids ofcourse
ID	3	@dada8dee you tooooo dada!!!  such good times!!
ID	3	i just realized im off tomorrow. goin to the beach! who wana come?
ID	3	here we go.. captain says &quot;shut it down&quot; we are on our way  ? http://blip.fm/~5z3p8
ID	3	12 more days until CA!! i get to see my paniniii
ID	2	@kerri_louise so i can just watch that again  x
ID	3	@QuiMo haha Mon...Do you really want me too send it?
ID	3	@heycassadee SUPER EXCITED. JUST BOUGHT MY TIX TO SEE HEY MONDAY ON 6/20. AGAIN.  ~SVETLANA J. DENVER,CO
ID	3	Going to get some strawberries for the champagne tonight!
ID	3	@lmatechnologies Gotcha ! Let's meet up @ The Twitt Cafe
ID	3	@mzmraz Ha, fun! I think Ill rewatch (parts of) season 5 today...in preparation for 2morrow night!
ID	2	@iamcomedy how abt we wait til summer, and do this at ur place...ima need somewhere to stay anyways
ID	0	@officialtila if I have 5000 friend requests tomorrow, I'm blaming you  nite
ID	1	@officialtila if I have 5000 friend requests tomorrow, I'm blaming you  nite
ID	3	@MrHollaOut hahah  u know this mannnnnn trust me ima  freak and  proud of  it
ID	3	Off to Woolsery this morning to (hopefully) see North Molton U16 clinch the North Devon League title. Lovely day for it
ID	3	yummy yummy ice creammm  i hate heels &amp;whoever made this pair.
ID	3	scan my childhood photos hahah its soo fun
ID	3	is having a lazy sunday
ID	4	im slowly losing followers one by one.
ID	2	Omg soo tired! On my way home! Long busy day ; had fun meeting new people and catching up with some people!
ID	3	could do with some bacon and egss. mm
ID	2	Huh @kaichanvong ? What's wrong with UNIX environment dev's ?
ID	3	@PerryMarshall  I was seeing only one side of it, but it looked interesting.  And deep.
ID	3	You know you're up too late when the TCU nightly scan starts! Oh well, I graduated today
ID	3	had cold rock, choc mint+bubblegum+cookie+flake+nerds= YUM!!!! XD .  had a fun day.
ID	3	@Brandiheyy have a Happy Trip!!
ID	2	@4everBrandy Looking forward to your show tonight! Enjoy your time in Belgium
ID	3	Now, lets do funkey stuff, talking with magento, through xmlrpc with codeignite and output with amf (Zend) to flash
ID	3	Im sending this to my mother!  http://bit.ly/1aa1RF
ID	4	@theaidenash hey hunny bunny, what's a weekend? is that like a day off or something?
ID	3	Happy mother's day and to the god mother's and step mother's too....
ID	3	the sun is waking me up. what a beautiful day
ID	3	@madberry TestFest was weer een groot succes
ID	3	@rebeccao372 Thats ok  Yeah I had a good night thanks. Glad you did too. Hope you enjoy your BBQ
ID	3	@marafromci its bout smoking weed
ID	3	watching W. with jas. i love my brother he's my best friend
ID	3	@LesleyER Its goin good takin it easy ths weekend  Im preparing for the big events comin up for me U girls INSPIRE me 2 do great things!!
ID	3	@mrskutcher A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest. Happy Mother's Day
ID	3	I really should rant about my bad day but I wont.  I am grateful for my mother, Gma &amp; other powerful &amp; influential ladies my life!!! ILY
ID	3	@Rajkumari22 o snapppp look who i found on twitter lollll
ID	3	Hunny was here today  or should i say last nite. Haha. 5 months&lt;333
ID	3	great night! great peolple!
ID	3	@adnamay nite nite bday girl  have fun at concert
ID	3	@kgopal Ah! Thank you!
ID	2	This site made me &quot;lol&quot;, take a look when you can: http://bit.ly/zUjKf
ID	3	@tim_buckley Good morning from sunny London...sounds like an oxymoron but happens to be true of today  Hurrah!
ID	3	@jonathanrknight so great to hear from u again today! U r the best! Cannot wait to see u on the cruise!!! &lt;3 Cindy with the sign
ID	3	Never better! I had to follow some local Tweeples! It's only right!  @ThaMissus
ID	3	@cactopus - You too, thanks for completing  Calvin Appreciated
ID	3	@jodiontheweb Isn't that hilarious? Hope you saw the Crosby is a douche shirt I picked up and wore bc of it.
ID	2	@porquechutzpah Their coming tomorrow morning and it's sort of an impossible task. I just need to clear some space. Thanks though
ID	2	Woke up really late today. Just had breakfast. Planning to stay home, watch TV shows and do nothing. Eat too.
ID	2	Best show of my life. Guess I'm going to sc this week
ID	3	thnkn bout yesterday..best day ever!&amp; 2day Virtus vs Treviso at da futurshow..hard game,gotta win! FORZA RAGAZZI!!!
ID	3	@kman_19 aw check out what i JUST posted http://eveinbangkok.blogspot.com  i really admire your mom. she's a strong woman. god bless her
ID	2	Good Morning!!! Work and then it's ESPN's Sunday night Baseball. hopefully it won't get rained out
ID	4	i have no swine flu! because of the temperature screening here i feel like a criminal with my cold.
ID	2	@DawnRichard OMG!! I done died and went 2 heaven...thanks so much 4 the response...I'm cryin' right now...Luv ya!!
ID	3	@thebirchtree i'll try sort that fabric out for you today...been a busy bee!
ID	3	@henryandfriends thank for Thinking of us and caring
ID	3	@cookiemonster82 ohhh yea it is from the same film  and this one had been a fave for a longgggg time... any1 for humma humma?
ID	3	trying this out with my sweet lil iPod... I am totally nerding out. and... totally ok with it
ID	3	@CptCswife Thanks!!!!  Happy Mother's day to you too!!
ID	3	As kids, this is how we attempted to dance http://digg.com/u12xAo No idea to what the words mean,but the moves are so cool!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers!!
ID	3	had fun at her b-day celebration.
ID	3	Ordering pizzas, watching Diggnation, trying out Tweetdeck. All is good
ID	3	home! tonight was so much fun! goodnight twitterbugs!
ID	2	@nick_carter http://twitpic.com/3mdce - ONE ROAD, WHERE IS THE DESTINATION?
ID	2	@selenagomez u should tell ppl where u'll be in vancouver.
ID	3	@netmogul actually, i play keyboards for pohaku lol. we played a 12st bday earlier and now i'm spinning at the shack
ID	3	I had fun at Daisy's Mexican Fiesta .
ID	3	@natzini 16lbs is still a huge achievement though
ID	3	@Claire_Cordon LOL that split second of peace is truly amazing
ID	3	Had a neat mothers day - nothing flash, just some chillin time with my girls
ID	3	@ArchNiaLeitl Hello my friend...you found me on GBW? How are you doing? Glad to see you twitter but I have to learn German
ID	2	@holidayrooms Whoah, slow down, you're filling my screen! Maybe more effective if you spread tweets out?
ID	3	@roccoman aww you are so helpful  we getting sweepy here, sis says we can have whipped cream before bed , i save u some
ID	3	wooh! 100th tweet  i have no life xD
ID	3	@DerrickWayneJr  she was sleep and then she woke up to check on me see if i was cold or hot i love my mom
ID	2	Watching &quot;Hostage&quot;! Also got an idea for that animation i'm making. Hope to have it ready and post a link here by the fifth of June
ID	3	i find John Mayer's tweets mighty entertaining for a hearty laugh...so thanks John
ID	2	Chris pine, please be mine.  haha
ID	3	@irishprincess41 it was great to meet ya katie...awesome shows for sure!! Safe travels home.
ID	4	@paulmwatson not gonna ask what a boom boom is!  morning.
ID	3	@Jason_Manford Awww thats such a lovely thing for u to say to me  are u doing any in manchester? x
ID	3	happy mommys day!
ID	2	oops! ignore last post  meant to be a direct message!
ID	4	Crap. I have lost the game more times today than any other day in history.  #lostthegame (Blame @meekakitty )
ID	3	can't sleep... Thinking of holidays
ID	3	Fab sunny day
ID	3	Celebrated Mother's Day with the best lamb roast lunch followed by a box of Cadbury's shared around the table. It was a wonderful day
ID	3	@gulpanag watching dor on utv movies again great performance
ID	3	@calypsominerals haha well, kinda! I'm Mommy to my lil' pom-chi  hehe  thank you! ;)
ID	3	I'm sooo hyper! And I don't even know why! Hahahahaha!
ID	2	@_ahseya_ cool i want you to take a look at this and tell me what you think
ID	3	@jillieface lol very much appreciated!!!  so excited!!!
ID	3	Sex on the beach, cosmo, kamikaze, captain america, ahhh fun night. Still not over.
ID	2	@jedwhite - hey, they're at least in PST! You &amp; I are even later... wait, that's not good, is it?
ID	3	@RussellBfan90 ah its getting there  still a fair bit to go, but it's coming together fairly well! aw  where are you from?
ID	3	I really wanna see the Jonas Brothers in Novemeber but I need to find someone to come with me!  xx
ID	3	@ChrisAxe Thank you. Keep it down, there's a good lad.
ID	3	happy mothers day to all the baby mommasss! rofl
ID	3	@jasminezarasani haha iya. your welcome sist!
ID	3	home sweet home  sleeping until monday I hope.
ID	3	@RetroRewind Joe's version is pretty but it's a sleeper.  Shouldn't be played at 1am.
ID	2	@fromblueskies Just wanted to point out that on Youtube, you have more subscribers than Tom Felton. Thought that might make you happy.
ID	3	watching freo on a sunday arvo is a good hobby
ID	3	liking my fake tan orange colour
ID	3	is updating you LIVE from Benihana of Tokyo in Waikiki  Happy Birthday Mark!!!
ID	2	@natzini Oh no, that's so annoying! I have the same problem - 14 thighs but 10-12 hips! I hope they catch up soon
ID	3	Chillin' following some cool people!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wppn - This is how wild at down and derby... TRNDS3TRS
ID	3	sup guys, just downloaded tweetdeck, gettin a move on right now : D tweet me some nice clothes sits or summat  x
ID	3	Had a good time at Flap-a-taco with @daveyboyonline, @LadyLaurali, and @CesYeuxBleus
ID	3	@loris_sl happy sunday to you to
ID	3	WISHING ALL THE MOTHERS A VERY SAFE &amp; HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
ID	3	What Darren on Linkedin? YES!   Just say your a twitter friend I NEVER IDK people! http://www.linkedin.com/in/darrenmonroe
ID	3	@biomedwiz miss u too. I'm still at a club...u know...west coast shit!
ID	3	@jobondi Awsome thanks Jo...Can't wait for her to be on  xx
ID	2	Getting anxious for Blink- 182's new album!
ID	2	@victoria1810 im so fucking proud of you
ID	3	i just read the sweetest story in the entire world  love it http://bit.ly/118lGL
ID	3	Decode by Paramore is a great song... Love it...
ID	3	@RealWizKhalifa courtney seems like a cool chick &amp; shes pretty
ID	3	Ps... I got Ben Button today... completes my Best Picture noms....got all 5 now. It was a GREAT year!!
ID	3	alkaline trio was sweet, saves the day sucked.  but i had a great time anyways.  it was awesome seeing everybody and hangin out
ID	3	'Allo there twitter  how are we today?
ID	2	@igobypambeasley glad you could make it
ID	3	mozart requiem tonight
ID	3	@Beati3 moving from rod to justin, even persuaded sons to join me
ID	3	&quot;Ooh-ooh... it's SHINY&quot;. An dmore awe-tastic quotes from THE BEST ANIMATED MOVIE EVER coming up
ID	3	@LunarLife hes definitely my fav host ever!  Can't wait to watch the rest tomorrow!!
ID	3	Ah, lets start working! Livingroom here I come
ID	3	Wow, such a crazy night of ever changing emotions! I liked it tho
ID	2	Flap-a-taco was nice until the plebs came in.
ID	3	Yes! Cold coffee from yesterday. No sugar, no cream !  The way I like it !
ID	3	For those of us who's hearts break a little more this time of year know that you are loved and next week is a new week.
ID	3	@retrorewind ok, i believe you now and it was worth staying up for..joe macs version  i luv being covergirl..will luv it more after next 1
ID	3	@chasepino oh chase. i love you. you make me laugh &amp; btw you were surely were dropped on the head as a baby.
ID	3	Woah!! Awesome show!! Glad to be back at the hotel, though.. Nightie night and Happy Mother's Day to all you mommy's!!
ID	3	@KatsManDEW No I LOVE Jordie's version as well as Joe's and Donnie's ALL 3 are DIFFERENT
ID	4	@bluecat7 absolutely tru...the horror of it still washes ovr me sometimes if i think  abt the actual last days, but the gd memories go on
ID	3	time always seems to fly when im with wade, its weird; but i like it... a lot!
ID	3	you are acting like 5 year olds   @player112345 @Carole09
ID	3	hey hey hey!  lol.
ID	3	Kinda feeling in a reggae mood.... hope you all enjoy the smoothness on this lovely weekend
ID	2	I can't open my eyes properly, maybe if i sleep for a lil' while longer it'll fix itself
ID	3	Enjoy your hols  xxx
ID	4	first time in weeks to see the clear blue sky
ID	3	Just got back from Apple Store in Robina. Managed to get a replacement iPhone because it couldn't access the web properly. So shiny
ID	3	Well off 2 bed...cant wait 2 party 4 Mother's Day in like 14 hours or so
ID	3	lovin' my new blackberry
ID	3	Last night went really well. Got some cracking shots
ID	3	@sooj899 LOL  I know what ya mean. Watching everyone else act a fool is much better the  not remembering acting a fool yourself
ID	3	@amanga46    WOW!  That is so awesome, Andre!   It will be great, I know!  Can't wait.   And you dad's aren't so bad either!
ID	2	@lulaeats how was the ice cream?
ID	3	@eashmore like, for reals this time guys. Ha. G'night. &amp; happy birthday kid
ID	3	Excited!!! Trousers on their way from Topshop, should be here in a couple of days
ID	2	@jdlcaro,  In pre-Twitter days, I'd need   to wait  for a formal  invitation  to speak on edu2.0  from @rom  #Y4IT
ID	3	i'm doin my tweets on my phone so i have on clue how to reply to anyone. but thank u fiercemichi, as soon as i can i'll check it out.
ID	3	okay.. so i &quot;thought&quot; i was getting sick... but NOPE!!!  HAHAHA PHEW! (sry mike lol - hope you get better soon!)
ID	3	&lt;&lt; Finaly Back to home..
ID	3	To all mothers in the world : happy mothers day
ID	3	I had the best weekend ever
ID	2	Mama? you're the best thing that ever happen to me. thanks for everything  &amp; and sorry for hurting you... I LOVE YOU!  &lt;3
ID	3	Morning all its beautiful out already, glorious sunshine. Wash and vacum car Done, fill with petrol Done, bbq stuff buy Done.
ID	3	@TerriLPN Thanks, Terri!  I am so excited to pick Parker up on Monday.   I hope he gets along with David! #pixiebob
ID	2	@califmom @sendchocolate - we're getting closer rather than further from REAL lobby dates - Chicago, BlogHer09 - squee!!!
ID	3	@sumtxkid loved our lil tent-side jam session/mosh pit!!! EDGEFESSSSSST!!!
ID	0	@Emoly_ really!? that son of a bitch, screw him, ill talk to on msn later k  xox
ID	1	@Emoly_ really!? that son of a bitch, screw him, ill talk to on msn later k  xox
ID	3	@griffmiester last time I looked, they were about 400. They gave us a demo, so cool
ID	3	Gooooooood morning, campers!  And happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	Lol @ me and @kittykatmakeup whispering so we don't get in trouble and being almost 30! Feels great to be home feeling like kids
ID	0	Inspite of the spams.. I can't stop losing this twittergadget. I love twitting from Gmail
ID	1	Inspite of the spams.. I can't stop losing this twittergadget. I love twitting from Gmail
ID	2	I feel 5 pounds lighter
ID	3	@BB517 sounds like a plan.....yea excited now
ID	3	@adecembertruth hey adt, guess what. my princelple's number plate is adt000 well its not 000, i just dunno the numbers.
ID	3	@DENISE_RICHARDS A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest. Happy Mother's Day
ID	3	morning!  well excited dancing down the park todayyy! should be good!  wooo c'mon venue!  xx
ID	3	this is my movie weekend!! i've watched 5 movies so far
ID	3	@millportonian Don't worry. You'll be 38 soon
ID	3	Last library day before Doomsday. Urgh. Was nice to wake up with my J-bum though. He's still sleeping now. Cute
ID	4	Morning all. Up and about and about to wash the car. Remind me; Why did I choose white again??  http://bit.ly/Y92Mb
ID	2	4am. And Im on the beach. Pretty
ID	2	@konaish Do you know if you text to 40404, it'll go to your twitter after you set it up with the settings.  And FB posts - text to 32665.
ID	2	@crazyjen85 gotta love the summer
ID	3	got a new dog
ID	3	@pantone801 heh, thats the same theme I used on http://leetbix.net
ID	3	@kristensaywhaa Good deal! Im doing good thank u   The one about me loving my mom?
ID	3	what a beautiful morning! nice to be out
ID	3	Watching Everything Is Illuminated  and dreaaaming&lt;3
ID	3	Gorgeous day! Off to Hash around Waterley Bottom - wonderful name for a village! Quiz Mistressing at the Porto this evening
ID	3	@demiswissfan yer  i hope the competition doesnt end before i post my video! lol but there are some really good singers who entered.....
ID	3	@amalinaaa You said your getting McFlys live album 2morrow, whats it called?  xx
ID	0	@computermuseum shame I dont still have my 286 compaq portable, which was really anything but portable LMAO, last tweet 4 now, toodle pip
ID	1	@computermuseum shame I dont still have my 286 compaq portable, which was really anything but portable LMAO, last tweet 4 now, toodle pip
ID	3	@ankita_gaba evrytime i listen to the name of tat plce i am reminded of Mojojojo from dexter's lab
ID	3	Happy muthath's day to all moms!!! I salute you!
ID	3	Just Decorated Moms Room While She Was Asleep For Mothers Day  She'll Wake Up To A Banner And Balloons! Woo!
ID	3	@megspptc I don't remember cause I was watching so many on youtube... LOL will get back to you
ID	2	mothers day..didnt do anything exciting...saw a movie
ID	3	Happy mother's day everyone!
ID	3	Wishing all the mommies out there a very happy day!!!
ID	2	@kaysesoze u drink mor than all th #g1freaks put togetha!
ID	3	@jedwhite Err yeah...me too...can we sue ?
ID	3	just sitting here watching my babies, life can be amazing afterall
ID	3	@Joannevance Morning there.
ID	3	@AhmNoHere Thanks! Didn't watch the movie.Wasn't able to decide. :-/ Hope you had a great time with your friends!
ID	3	@jimmyfallon Hey Man Congratulations On The Graduation Man You'r World Wide Popular In Philippines
ID	3	@dhanji meet @Marawitch - she is the Zombie expert i believe..
ID	3	Happy Mother's Daaay!!
ID	3	watered the tomato plants, pepper plants and lettuce, feeling all homely! off out with Freddie for a fun-packed day
ID	4	SCENE SLUTS AT 4AM IS ALWAYS THE SHIT
ID	3	@philipwang lol sweet!!! ...i still have yet to watch the 4th movie  hope ur having a lovely weekend! happy mother's day from aus! =P haha
ID	3	@Morrica Good Morning to you  I trust you are well ?
ID	3	@RobPattinson444 thank you for accepting my request!! must take care of my little girl, maybe i write back later
ID	3	who's for a boiled egg with soldiers?
ID	2	a bacon roll and a tea and the (hack)day is your friend  #openhacklondon
ID	2	@kay2thetie she's a feisty little cat! she'll keep them on their toes maybe.  yay kitties!
ID	3	@BeanJuce thanks, feeling good and off to New Forest later
ID	2	Another loser: Crap. I have lost the game more times today than any other day in history.  lost.. http://tinyurl.com/qa4cdv (@ilostthe ...
ID	3	@FlissTee I think the very late night on Friday just hit me  off to town to meet a friend soon for ice cream and coffee
ID	2	Recogns he could get his assignments out of the way by June  bring it on
ID	3	looked up weather for greece this weekend....80 and sunny OMGZ
ID	4	Full, thanks for the food Jean  I should have brought that half of the watermelon with me and eat it on the freeway and crash and die.
ID	3	thinks Aaron is pretty darn awesome
ID	3	today i salute all mothers and honour the feminine....and now its time for a beer
ID	3	@BB517 Hey girl, yeah I did..thanks a bunch!! I haven't started downloading them yet...I totally owe you.
ID	3	@markii187 Eeee! Hiya!  Haven't spoken to you in ages! How you doing? *enormous hug*
ID	3	@LittlePinkStone I'm not either. We should have went out *snicker* Although I am enjoying listening to RR and my beer
ID	3	@AppViz Problems seem to be fixed now! Thank you!
ID	4	HaPPy MothErS Day!!! Feliz Dia deLAS MAdres  mine is already in Heaven.. =( Miss you...
ID	3	@commonsense4 Thanks! I appreciate it  I know my unsubscribe list will grow tomorrow LOL
ID	3	@TeeBiscuit - crazy fun! You make that man be nice!  Sri Lanka is a spiritual place, yes?
ID	3	ok.. BEST SNL episode i've seen in a hot minute. Justin is wonderful and Ciara has muscles..the end. G'nitey, tweet tweets!
ID	2	Loves fatty take away nights... yummy  then coming home and facespacing with my roomies
ID	3	@get2knowpro oh, left off the  smiley face so you knew I was kidding.
ID	3	just got home from work.... and is chugging down a big bottle of apple juice.
ID	4	@BrandenHaydon Yes, I really do.
ID	3	Is on her way home  aloha and good night everyone!
ID	3	&lt;----------- is listening the FUCK out of Lamb of God
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day x3 ..Mum? I love you
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
ID	3	@lazycat jass warn me b4 u go to nxt war...i am there to have fun...
ID	2	just got home  but about to leave again
ID	4	@london I miss u like cotton candy  &lt;3
ID	3	Wow! That's what I say about star trek.  very cool.
ID	2	@PinkyNKOTB hi I'm ok   still not feeling great
ID	3	happy mothers day
ID	2	@IIanS I love U2! Lol, I you ever need a slow but good audiobook Oliver Twist is a one I've been listening to lately.
ID	3	@kyleterrell Yeah I'm kinda glad I did stay home
ID	3	@johncmayer &quot;arrest her&quot; or, anything ending in -est that can be done to her.
ID	3	This is Really Cool put in a topic and its a twitter show...If your a tweeter twittering twit u got to luv this http://bit.ly/a0nw
ID	3	Happy Mom's Day to everyone in the US
ID	3	The frank black (and his wifey) show was aaaaaaaaaamazing  sd trip is made!
ID	3	4:15 finally home from the city.  - now time to head to sleep!!  goodnight! &amp; happy mommy's day to all the mother's out there!!
ID	0	@FlissTee I miss my cats.... But not on Sunday mornings! Mine did that to
ID	1	@FlissTee I miss my cats.... But not on Sunday mornings! Mine did that to
ID	3	@outlawontheedge Tofurky.... You owe me a new keyboard now!
ID	2	OK tweeps.. sorry. too many twitpic. I'll delete those pics as soon as @serephinaa had 'em copied
ID	3	@Courageous_one Very much so.  Setting some goals for the next couple of months in preparation
ID	3	Nine o'clock on a Sunday morning - Outside, sat around the table enjoying the early rays of sun, reading Twitter article in Sunday Times
ID	3	lohang: is listening to music. really happy about !librefm #audacious combination  here's my profile http://is.. http://tinyurl.com/r5o3zj
ID	3	@lauriepercival it was a great wedding! the band was awesome (they played a ton of great 80's songs) as was the food!
ID	2	@johncmayer or lester....pitcher for the red sox
ID	3	@stevelensink thanks stephen, appreciate it
ID	2	@JustinofG4P i hope you feel better
ID	3	After the sketchy moments at A mtn, the friends and I moved up the trail and sat at the end of the road, just talking and being silly
ID	3	@krystynchong that's part of what I've been working on...use the AppStore on the phone  - there's a whole other piece of the puzzle
ID	3	Having dinner at Jiuliani's with family YUM!!!
ID	4	This wraps it up. Well, again a lesson that you shouldn't take nude photos of yourself when you're famous. Or maybe you really should!
ID	3	My lovely husband made me breakfast in bed this morning. Who says chivalry is dead?
ID	3	@reags_ that's why twitter rocks!
ID	3	@aNDeeDrummer yeah   when he goes there he always brings us these things. + he just let me last something called &quot;bird milk&quot; and it
ID	3	but worth it i spose
ID	3	@itsAnnaFriel Hey Anna.I bet you look so cute when ur blushing
ID	0	@Sissillie i honestly hope the theatre gets hit by a meteor before you get there
ID	1	@Sissillie i honestly hope the theatre gets hit by a meteor before you get there
ID	3	Oowweee!!! China club wuz poppin!!! Lipstic n Pumps were in full effect!
ID	3	Tonight was fun
ID	4	@rebelraising Yeah, that lying in bed thing's a bugger for blocking creativity  Worse if you're pinned down by a pet cat, apparently...
ID	3	@johncmayer maybe she's funny like a jester
ID	2	@bgbrwneyesNY hm... i don't I can recommend any white chocolates though.. you have to move to the 'dark' side first..
ID	3	Playing &quot;The Simpsons Game&quot; for Nitentdo DS Light *_*
ID	3	I'm sure all you people with hangovers will be glad to know I'm hangover free  @fjkeogh hope you're not too fragile this morning!
ID	2	@dxpsycho Thanks amigo!
ID	2	,:Mother, Happy Mother's Day.... and to all Mom's there......  God Bless yhaw all... ?
ID	3	happy mothers day
ID	3	@typezero3 Hehe...until it comes back, your FB friends get a Twitter respite huh? JK!
ID	3	just noticed that two of the top ten topics on Twitter right now is &quot;Star Trek&quot; and &quot;Spock.&quot;   That is so cool!    I am in love with both!
ID	3	Ill catch you at the very last second
ID	2	damn - Apple store is down for updates... what's coming, I wonder?
ID	4	@mcrmy_lisa ...one online? Yeah, me
ID	3	@djcmc carls jr sounds hella good, you should bring me some  http://myloc.me/G3o
ID	4	Mana - Everything they've ever made since 1986
ID	3	: So wonderful to spend Mother's Day with my mum.
ID	3	@JamFactory Andy of Crazy Label has found me a Vimto droplet! Yay!
ID	3	Watching Nemecek go on her computer, fun!  Lol I keed!  Norms was fun
ID	0	@badands cupcake!!  you can call me anything but &quot;bitch&quot; i suppose..and even then under certain circumstances....
ID	1	@badands cupcake!!  you can call me anything but &quot;bitch&quot; i suppose..and even then under certain circumstances....
ID	3	@wethedan http://twitpic.com/3pb8j - hahahahahahaha why have i never seen this pic?!?!?!?! lmao!! hey look too cute
ID	3	you know you love your mom when you stay up this late just to wrap her gifts (which look glorious) &amp; hand-make a card.. happy mothers day
ID	3	@MaxizPad hahaha! Guess you will have to reinforce your skates, haha... Remember who u r my friend, our semi-God with a gluten intolence
ID	3	Went to the hawksmoor last night and probably had the best  steak I've ever had
ID	3	@divadivachrissy lol wat u making me come all da way overr there for?v
ID	3	@HayleyxWilliams Hey, I love freakin love you
ID	3	@MA12CUS - You can do yiiiit!  Night
ID	3	had an awesome day at the zoo yes2dy!!!!! now gettin ready 4 church  yay!!!
ID	2	@BJoie It's my theme song ya know  lol...
ID	3	mum just made me cry coz she said something so sweet to me  i love her so much! MUMS ARE THE BEST!
ID	3	just got home. Yay!  Hi guys! http://plurk.com/p/svdpu
ID	3	@Ivy_Blue - the chauffeur from &quot;Some Kind of Wonderful&quot; was my idea of a perfect woman
ID	3	OK YALL ITS TIME FOR ME TO GO TO MY ROOM &amp; CUDDLE WIT SASHA LOL SEE YALL LATER ALLIGATORS! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO DA MOMS &amp; MOMS 2 BE
ID	3	@Jennettemccurdy http://twitpic.com/4v0vr - cool! you and your mother have awesome hair styles,! Wish her a happy mother's day!
ID	3	@JordansUKgirl jonathan tweeted a happy mothers day  but that is all..lots from dave @retrorewind though
ID	3	@ForsakenDAemon Hooray!
ID	3	and she was all like &quot;dude. I care about you.&quot; and it made me smile  yea that teaches me not to drive on E, lol
ID	3	@isacullen  yay thanku! *hugs*
ID	3	@meanpower si de cand ai twtad?
ID	4	@yan_ming @affascinare me is gg for summer sch though.. not attachment... yan can go see the blog. check my msn or ask kinny
ID	3	@janice7092001  I know  lol . I'll grin and bear it
ID	3	totally addicted to xbox carcassonne.  i also really love tomb raider legend.  and still badly NEED bolt.
ID	3	ofcourse they start fightin aight the party buts its cool theyu held it down now im chillin with my home girl  HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
ID	3	I'll get my new laptop in 10 more days! Excited! It is Dell Inspiron - core2duo 2.0GHz - 4GB DDR2 - 250GB hdd - 15.6 inches screen
ID	3	@DonnieWahlberg Ready and waiting Donnie   We love you too
ID	3	@lostintheforest thanks!  Remember the SAE for the we make stuff too
ID	3	What a fun night
ID	3	@cow_grrrl   You have the sweetest children.  You are obviously a great mom. I loved reading your blog w/ their msgs to you.  Kudos.
ID	3	@RetroRewind How much longer is the NKOTB Block Party? Love it! I need to go to bed so just wondering what time it's over..LOL..thanks!
ID	4	@KiwiLucy ahhh ;) I know who wins the entire thing, I TRY to avoid these things but it never works
ID	3	@lrpw1302 hey ty for tip, wifi networking is one if my many talents  I'll get on it when I can be bothered LOL
ID	3	says again.. happy mothers day to all your moms  http://plurk.com/p/svdsh
ID	3	Here again  how are u all??
ID	3	@cathjenkin hehe  with milky white skin, dressed in silver spider's silk, with a crown of snowflakes ...
ID	3	Fantastic weekend - hairdressers, stylish luncheons &amp; a Fabulous girlie night with wine, cheeses &amp; chocolates...And dancing till morning
ID	2	@johncmayer if ur as awesome as i think u are u would sooo write me back  a lil something   &lt;--- crossing fingers
ID	2	so now that I have a whole 20 followers, 5 of them actual people, I don't know what to write in here anymore
ID	3	@missxtatti Thanks for adding me
ID	3	@racemode lol.. who know the president could be a comedian?
ID	3	i love my mommy
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOM!
ID	3	thx for all the nice &quot;it's going to be alright&quot; mails ... and yes, of course you can leave a comment on my blog ! cheers, i ll be napping
ID	2	@johncmayer Lester?  Guessed her?  Yester-day?  You can think of something.  No cop outs now.
ID	3	@JPMizDELiCiOUS Good to hear..!
ID	3	@caarooliineex3 I love the guy that was standing behind me
ID	4	@Curren$y_Spitta Was caught in traffic around the Howlin Wolf for about 30mins. I was wondering WTH was going on.....musta been nice!
ID	3	@ThatSillyLily haha i only love you too sissy!!!!!  ring power! lol
ID	3	@fashion_retweet I do my best - that's why running skirts are on the scene as well
ID	3	@tommmlives i think you should follow me. as i only have on follower. stalk me please
ID	2	@azharusman Walaikum assalam...  Alhamdulillah... I'm in Chicago the w'end of May 29th... Are you there? Would be nice to meat... Duas!
ID	2	@drumzonly yay. das tut trotzdem weh.
ID	3	@eckastatic sure I would like some cream right now
ID	3	Porridge with nutmeg, rasberries and honey  mmmm
ID	3	@MichelleZen i knew that, jus givin u a hard time hehe
ID	3	@Suzyqbee10 that'd be awesome!!! I don't think i've ever been blogged about!!!
ID	3	Yay me! I did good on my com final  I needa step up next semester forsure tho. No more distractions.
ID	3	@TheRealIngrosso is nto milk deffo!
ID	3	I am listening to the music of Super Juniors of Korea. I so like the way they sing and dance. I hope someday i can meet them.
ID	2	About to make shit happen  *Pu+ !+ 0n M3*
ID	3	catching up on my reading... twitter n BF break
ID	3	@augustine25 TY my friend. Yes ur right.... a daughter is a daughter forever.
ID	3	@dotmanish dude, i pestered army personnel at Mumbai airport to let me hold it so much that they had to *request* me to leave
ID	3	nice baked spaggetti for family &amp; not out to grandparents house!
ID	2	@kaleidoscopeFTW But he got to do it with Effy!
ID	3	@SashaGrey http://twitpic.com/4wixz - Your such an interesting girl. So much potential in so many ways.
ID	3	white-water rafting in the tripics
ID	3	Wow, Hugh Jackman TOTALLY bulked up for Wolverine. So so movie...but helloooo nurse! He's dreeaamy  Yup, my crushed spirit is on the mend.
ID	3	@fuzzyorange i thought people only went to hounslow when they'd gone the wrong way, didn't know there was anything there
ID	2	@kathyIreland super stressful day &amp; can't sleep...glad I found you your so sweet to take the time to make strangers feel good.
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight @jorddanknight Happy Mother's day to your Mum
ID	2	@SoTravelNow Hey - Thank you!x and You're Welcome! Must say - I love to travel and where are you at the moment?!x
ID	2	big hair rock day today me thinks  here I go again to start xxxxx ? http://blip.fm/~5z4p7
ID	0	@Reptar01 alives.... Less highness feeling.... Sometimes I hate that feelings.... Talking about an exhusband as if he's dead is funny
ID	1	@Reptar01 alives.... Less highness feeling.... Sometimes I hate that feelings.... Talking about an exhusband as if he's dead is funny
ID	3	I will not be late.  I will not be late.  I will not be late.
ID	3	uploaded a new song to the Tellmetwice myspace today by DOLLAROSA &gt;&gt; please come listen  http://bit.ly/JAE1v
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day!  http://tinyurl.com/re74xc
ID	3	@xCarCrashHearts ironclad determination?
ID	2	@JessicaBooth LOL @ozdj said to look out for you - but I was in canberra -
ID	3	happy mothers day to all..
ID	3	is seventeen today  and is trekking from chorleywood to see @dannymcfly @tommcfly @dougiemcfly and @mcflyharry in cambridge  &lt;3
ID	3	Love my mommy happy mothers day
ID	3	Beer pong and dubstep. Good nite
ID	2	I really need to turn my swag off it's 3:30 time for bed!
ID	3	@demiswissfan thanks  lyxxx
ID	3	@johncmayer ur really the sweetest person ever! thanks for making everyone's dreams come true..(p.s) my dream is for u 2twitter me back  x
ID	3	loving my new tv
ID	3	#SanctuarySunday @Fredto it's our mission to make #Sanctuary a trending topic for the day, lots of people on board for it...join in
ID	4	trying to do a blend. i know, i suck at them but there's no harm in trying.
ID	3	@markman641 HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MARK
ID	2	@TferThomas  We are both following and I don't think I have seen him online lol
ID	3	@LindaLocke My daughter went to a Bday party today caled, &quot;Grace&quot; of Cakes...the little girl is named Grace &amp; they made cupcakes!
ID	3	@rossianson invite sent   You can now invite more collabs too, pass the word around
ID	2	Crap i'm gonna miss the grand prix.I'm going to have to try and sneak back to the room
ID	3	mothers day at the spit was awesome!!!!!!!  listening to Paranoid by The Jonas Brothers!!!!!!!!!
ID	2	Didn't make to my cousin's yacht convention. Hope he doesn't get upset. And hope he won.
ID	3	Morniiing twitter  eating cereales and watching BLG dvd like every sunday morning ^^
ID	3	@AubreyODay Just got kicked out the club, bout to try to get into another, Lmao! Shot of Patron on you?! Haha.
ID	3	@RobertKazinsky Congratulations on the award - totally deserved
ID	3	@JessMcFlyxxx that would be an idea  haha xx
ID	3	@sanjana_58 I also like 'Aasman ke paar shaayad'
ID	3	Repeat final seconds of Game 3 Dal-Den please! DAMN THOSE OFFICIALS. :| Anyway, happy mothers day.
ID	3	kellie: Its a major problem okay. alex: what is? Kellie: hahahahahahahaa your face
ID	2	@AnnoyingTweeple You having fun LOL? hehe
ID	3	@drjoesDIYhealth weekend is going great  Yours?
ID	3	@JonathanRKnight @jordanknight Happy Mother's Day to your Mum
ID	3	Yaaaaaaay, bday!
ID	3	@scattyjan All the best with the Cup Final today. Have fun
ID	3	Happy Mommy's  Day to all you moms
ID	3	yay  my 'only on sundays' maid came!! the house will be clean again!!!
ID	3	@Health4UandPets Hi Lisa, you have the most BEAUTIFUL pups! HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!2 Raven, Rio&amp; Thors WONDERFUR mama!!  *kittykisses*
ID	3	wah....American Chocolate Cheese Cake for my chweet mummy ! muaxxx
ID	3	Sitting down for a nice English breakfast. The one meal they do right
ID	3	@xsub1 Was at Ruby Skye last night as well! Superb set by Steve. The last hour was loaded with Thrillseekers material old and new
ID	3	@jeninamaree has just voted for you. hope you win!
ID	2	Still feeling tired, tink will go take a nap again n wake up durin dinner time.
ID	3	oh what a night love me some aces
ID	3	Downtown was fun tonight  The walk back to the car was rediculous lol
ID	3	@light_bikes sounds good to me  hahaha
ID	3	@maxcarver Hey im a fan from New Zealand. Loving the show even tho we are soooo behind in the episodes! haha. Keep up the good work
ID	3	@YvetteCYL Awwww so sweet of him.
ID	3	Good night everyone...... Time to go mimmiz......
ID	0	wonder what white supremists have to say about this  I abhor racists. http://bit.ly/Rd31F
ID	1	wonder what white supremists have to say about this  I abhor racists. http://bit.ly/Rd31F
ID	3	Back from cycling 20 miles on virtually traffic free roads,the sun almost shining,new PB great start to the day
ID	3	wishes happy mothers' day to all moms out there.
ID	3	Ok I am going to sleep for real now good night twitter land
ID	3	@kkindlen and @MandaBown thanks  hoping its just allergies and not a nasty flu!
ID	3	@Vocalyz Hi  Im Better... Drinking Hot Tea With honey ^^ ... Thanks... Take Care Plis
ID	3	@just_another_1 yeh I can't even imagine.... good luck to them
ID	3	This weekend has been probably the best and there is still another day to go!!
ID	2	going out with my tita gi, sister and my beloved lola! Were going to treat her for dinner! Wohoo... So excited and hungry...
ID	2	Wedding anniversary meal yest. - first 5* proper meal out with wife since Rohan born. She did well and only checked her phone 80 times
ID	2	#Happy Mother's Day euch allen
ID	3	Off to mass, Happy Mum's day to your mums
ID	3	@hilaryjp  I've already done my washing, I have a spring in my step this morning
ID	3	@TheFuzzyBlueOne me? A doctor? *laughs* oh, no, no, no. I was @dr_crane's patient at Arkham Aslyum, but now I work for him
ID	3	Happy sunday, beautiful day in London... off to meet Chergo for breakfast  xx
ID	3	@icemist @sankeertanan Have fun! Wish your mums a happy mother's day for us!
ID	2	@Hyperopia That's gorgeous. I'll check out your new pics!
ID	3	@roe4ever1 Happy Mother's Day ~ Did you watch SNL?  If not U missed a hoot with Jimmy Fallon
ID	2	Bout to hit the sack...got shit to do tomorrow. Happy mothers day MOM!
ID	3	aaauuuggghhh! in n out, check! mcdonald's, check! haha, next is hot cheetos!
ID	3	OMG 17 again... I'm so buying that on DVD   Yeahness for another good movie  Also thanks to my movie buddies :]
ID	3	good mornig to everone... it's a great morning ...in the evening i play in the theatre in lord of the flies. it's so much fun!
ID	3	@bryybryyy is a lumberjack  http://twitpic.com/4wqe8
ID	0	(@amandastorlie) Shut up and put your money where your mouth is thats what you get for waking up in vegas
ID	1	(@amandastorlie) Shut up and put your money where your mouth is thats what you get for waking up in vegas
ID	3	Happy mother's day to my sweet mum
ID	3	happy birthday to me!!
ID	3	@geishadoll you're welcome Chica
ID	2	i need to make more of an effort to meet some of my best online friends like @aryanmaine  &lt;3 but damn the money it costs D:
ID	3	@zoriancrx It's the &quot;Vampire tarot of the eternal night&quot;, Lo Scarabeo, going to be released sometime this autumn  Cool, huh?
ID	3	One gear, baby!!!
ID	3	Goodnight twitterworld. I'll tweet y'all later.  Goodnight, J.
ID	3	@typezero3 thanks! Slooooow hehe but I'm stoked  hope you're having a good weekend!
ID	2	@johncmayer esther rhymes with: investor, tester, jester, pester, polyester, semester, sylvester, requester... just to name a few
ID	3	@Rove1974 looking forward to the show tonight. Can't wait for ol mate @DHughsey to
ID	2	Sheena Othman Happy Mother's Day to all mothers in the world......  I'm yet to experience the joy of being a m.. 31: Sorry, but you ha ...
ID	3	@steve_w_a cool, looking forward to it now
ID	3	wow! party! my new life! it is awesome! no more girlfriends they just create tons of drama! babes at a party is the way to go!  just w ...
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day
ID	0	@dom_dollaz Yay...you like CT. People always tryna shit on it when they've never even been there.
ID	1	@dom_dollaz Yay...you like CT. People always tryna shit on it when they've never even been there.
ID	3	@demiswissfan awesome  thats what im likewith the song paranoid. its stuck in my head! and i love it  lol xxxx
ID	3	? listening No Doubt   &quot; It's My Life &quot; 59 listeners&lt;&lt; ohh yeahhh thanks   ? http://blip.fm/~5z4va
ID	3	Justin Timberlake totally rocked SNL tonight. Ooh, and Happy Mother's Day, another Hallmark mkting tool.
ID	3	@Holly59 you certainly can, and good morning to you
ID	3	@Albz86  oh man i wanna be in the bay asap! Thank you   Have a great day!
ID	3	@iamsemmi Im Drinking Right Now  Hot Tea and Honey!... Take care u too
ID	3	i love my mummy
ID	3	@NaiZhao the pictures tells me me that u were surrounded by adorable children!  hehe
ID	3	Sitting in mels house, just finished eating mcdicks, laughing at all the dumb stuff I said tonight!! Ready for bed? I think so
ID	2	rblpnBro @dhair Not quite where I need to be here ... sad but true. Soon however all will be WELL  6wks ? http://blip.fm/~5z4ve
ID	2	Shooould be sleeping already, but got caught up watching some late night 'Roseanne'. Officially off to bed after the next episode!
ID	0	@Carolina_G  ur a poopy head
ID	1	@Carolina_G  ur a poopy head
ID	3	@melidm luv the vid!! can't wait to hear it live on summer tour  luv how d always shows is drawers and nice moves by joe mac..
ID	3	@trswift yep, meeeee  I'm awesome hahahha
ID	3	@LadyLogan Thats awesome!!  Good idea!!
ID	3	@Ali_Sweeney - Happy Mother's Day, Ali  I hope you have a great day today! Hugs and kisses from The Netherlands xoxox
ID	3	@xanister I'm glad you liked it though
ID	3	@JessMcFlyxxx yeaahh; punch her!  haha. xx
ID	3	happy mothers day, love u mom
ID	4	Today I wrote two songs (one for temple which I will probably never perform ever) and one for mothers day. Happy vesak everyone  rena xoxo
ID	3	On a boat. On the way out to Norrra. Gonna chill for a while, Party tonight!
ID	3	@lis0r i love electro house
ID	3	Getting ready for our annual old boys hockey competition  let's bring down the students!
ID	3	wants to wish all the moms out there (and moms-to-be) a very happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	already knows 3 dishes: Torta, Hotdog, &amp; Itlog. Hurrah for me!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wqfv - dark berry mocha frapp.. heaven.. TRY IT EVERYONE!!  here.. let me pass it to you
ID	2	why wouldn't I?
ID	2	@NovaWildstar Erm yeah watch as it sways and collapses into the river below lol.  Next time you are here we shall have to drag you there
ID	3	time to bed now!!
ID	2	finally tommorow is monday.. and the last day of school.. gonna miss them all,  preparing for holiday. i prefer go to bali yeaaay
ID	3	@VeritasUnae Ahh that's fun  I had work last night, a party after, went to the movies today to see Wolverine. Was a good weekend
ID	3	listenin do da beach girl5 on itunes
ID	3	@jasonperryrock Is you cat clean again?  Hope so ;) Xx
ID	3	i am outta here... see you guys later (or tomorrow)... happy mom's day again!
ID	3	@MariahCarey MC, happy mother's day to your mom ;).. love yah
ID	3	I think I might fall in love with jihoon in boys over flower.
ID	3	@baggers haha yeah it was
ID	3	@XKookie03 whyyyy hellloooo! Thx 4 checkin up on me  how r things? http://myloc.me/G4p
ID	3	@sageeb finally -- someone recognizes my genius
ID	3	too much good food on this Mother's Day. not that i'm complaining! Seafood, durian puffs and macarons! yum!
ID	3	And thanks for the gorgeous flowers.
ID	3	@Suzyqbee10  very sweet!!! HAHA. I am like super proud to be a new mom!!! I feel like, i got the PERFECT daughter. And i am a GREAT mom!!!
ID	3	Ahhh mothers day  My first one YAY!!!
ID	3	@Pimplepopper: Where did you get a copy? I wanna watch that also.
ID	0	It's agreed if i find out who this girl was I'll punch her from everybody  xxx
ID	1	It's agreed if i find out who this girl was I'll punch her from everybody  xxx
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERSDAY TO ALL MOTHERS!!!!...and to mine  I LOVE YOUUUUUU
ID	3	@ohaiijess it would be cool if they had people make videos of themselves miming the song and make one big video  so EVERYONE can be in it.
ID	4	2,697 views on my FLickr Account.. Maybe is not much for you...  but I'm happy  ... YAY http://www.flickr.com/photos/bonassin/
ID	3	@annadwan90 excellent good to see
ID	3	@johncmayer what about name Jana? there you've got lots of options..
ID	3	2am feedings for the baby are fun when he is all smiles and coos
ID	3	Happy Christmas! No wait... What is it again happy M...........easels day. No but seriously.... Happy Mothers day...  lmao
ID	3	@nicolerichie Happy mother's day! Hope you have a great one with Harlow, your mom and those you love  You're such an awesome mommy! ^^
ID	3	@smileindenial you're so much fun  Star Trek soon, ok? ;)
ID	3	Gossip girl &amp; pizza on the way = thank you to my lil babe
ID	3	@G_E LOL yeah I had a few slices of cheddar cheese b4 sleeping.
ID	3	@chantelleaustin  Good one
ID	4	@yiannis_k good question  could they?
ID	2	@TheRealYungBerg FOLLOW ME BABY U SAID N DA CHAT U WILL  LUV YA GOODNITE
ID	3	@deena_p aww thanks
ID	3	@MrCav lol.. ass monkey
ID	3	@Tyrese4ReaL thanks, I deserve it.
ID	3	such lovely weather, i wanna go out!
ID	3	I'm bored, extremely bored. in the car. waiting for my dad. and dinner. chinese. yummm.
ID	3	@Touch_Reviews THANKS!
ID	3	@dekrazee1 You are doing the right thing though.  A fridge is where vegetables go to die
ID	3	@hilaryjp  I have sun here
ID	3	@markparton just going through some of his tracks in iTunes and buying his awesome tracks I don't have. Loving it
ID	3	@DaLzz Nice glasses. Looks good
ID	3	@iamTAYON I would if I was drivin :\ hahaha. but get me a Carol C. Special, yeah?
ID	3	@nevrothwen thank you! It's sunny outside so that's a good start
ID	3	Happy Birthday to @AndrewGirdwood !
ID	3	just got in. I have the best friends
ID	3	@RealBillBailey Cool show last night had me in fits
ID	3	at @JonasBrothers   Happy mother's dayyy Deniseee &lt;3
ID	3	?????????????????????YAY it works haha
ID	3	@hopeluvfaith aww lovely! Hope you had a great mother's day, our little mother hen  did you get in contact with sharn?
ID	4	Hitting the sack now, fellow Twitterheads...so, where are you treating your Mom today?
ID	3	@Tayler_Nicole wow you are lucky  happy birthday!
ID	3	@RAVERJONO good, good.  what could it be then? :o
ID	3	@ElvenstarArt Great !!! Your book looks fantastic ? I want it
ID	3	@ohshititsdre awww! i didnt see this till now and edwin just left! i knew you wanted some! forsure tomorrow i'll make u a new batch!
ID	3	Happy Mommy's Dad Mommy  watching the football  Yay The Eagles Are WINNINGGGGG  they better keep it up *sigh!
ID	3	Happy Mothers day  &lt;3
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day Everybody!!!!!!
ID	3	Outz wif the BIG BIG BIG HAPPY FAMILY for mommy's day meal. And Happy Mommy Day to all Mommys out there!
ID	2	@twebbstack haha &amp; you can tell your kids how I was the one who hooked youz up  lmao
ID	3	@natsnapper haha. Booked my lie in last night. Just woke up. Must have needed it!!
ID	3	@mogz Yes, I downloaded it from the website and since I'm tweeting from it now, it must work
ID	3	happy mother's daaaaaaaaay
ID	2	church bellss are ringin  got to go. adieu,(god bless in german)
ID	3	@mareenshere How it was slept?
ID	3	Happy Mothers' Day to my mom, your mom, his mom and her mom! Woot woot.. moms rule!
ID	2	@AubreyODay happy mommas day . ging is so lucky to have a momma like u  enjoy ur nite! luv ya
ID	3	oh yeah the grill is out...its bbq tonight at the house
ID	3	BBQ with Andrew, his sisters, and Jeff.  So much fun!
ID	3	@YoGottiKOM when u gonna come show minnesota some love though hun?!
ID	3	happy mother's day, mom  I hope the breakfast was nice.  I love u ?
ID	0	@JazZyLov3 loll my dad leavingg and moving to las vegas and myy now ex boyfrienndd is FINALLLY done talking to me and has left me alone
ID	1	@JazZyLov3 loll my dad leavingg and moving to las vegas and myy now ex boyfrienndd is FINALLLY done talking to me and has left me alone
ID	3	10 Cutest Cat moments video - http://shrt.st/4ce - enjoy
ID	3	Alright... i need to get sleep so i can ACTUALLY be awake for my mothers' day! ;) Nighty Nightzzz Or good morning my twitter friends!!!
ID	2	@debraoakland  Only telling the truth Dibster
ID	3	No credit left on my mobile sorry Brit! *pounces back* Thanksss Tania for the EPIC photoshoot
ID	3	@Bleau thanks for the retweet, man  having a quiet Sunday morning... how's yours?
ID	3	got THE best mothers day present from Tys. It made me cry uncontrollably, and it wasn't a present
ID	3	... We are playing an acoustic set @ Styles Bar today @ 3!!! Hope to see you there  ...
ID	3	Spending a wonderful Mothers Day with Brad, Mom and Dad.  Happy Mothers Day to all Moms
ID	4	Just been asked to sing yet again....aha. coffee mornin this time. psychology past questions&amp;revision suck!
ID	3	going out for the good ol' 'soak' tonight for a mothers day feed.       in love more then ever
ID	3	Obama is the ish!!!!  he is funny!
ID	3	Happy mothers day!
ID	3	@drkchna Lunch, yes. A date, nope.
ID	3	Living my life
ID	3	Photo: thelovelybones: I SPY JONAS BROTHERS AND DEMI LOVATO OMG D: Ahhh yea, 3d movie premire  http://tumblr.com/xbb1qyx0e
ID	3	@sageeb you say the nicest things.
ID	3	@adamjackson With McDonald's promoting the McCafe (similar to Starbucks), we may soon see McSmoothies (like Jamba Juice) next
ID	3	@StampfliTurci  yes I can imagine, I need my morning coffee otherwise I cannot function, have a good and relaxing Sunday
ID	3	@timdifford ohhh beautiful place. You on hols? Go steady on the mead!
ID	2	and we're in
ID	3	@PerezHilton Guapisimo, chico you and Ms. Lady Gaga looked amazing as usual
ID	3	@anamoorz yeh i do like playing sk8 but i dont own it . i dont even own xbox 360 lol. i skate down at the skateprk tho
ID	4	can't believe the weekend is over already!  Where does the time go?  Had a nice day with the fam. today.  Mum had a good day too.
ID	3	Forget it. Callin it a night! It's MOMMY'S DAY!
ID	3	@timmcclintock gasp!!! I love it!!! Thank you so much for sharing Tim!!
ID	3	some of my new followers are pretty cool tweeps; check 'em out.
ID	2	@Gardenwiseguy This is truly enlightening for me
ID	3	@catsinthetree Listened to Eyes on Fire and enjoyed it.  Thanks
ID	2	Mariachi'nin yeni kampanyasi ve beraber gelistirdigimiz Facebook Uygulamasi (Shut The House) Hurriyet'e haber olmus: http://tr.im/msthhh
ID	4	is working it out allll day long.
ID	3	Thumbs up to Wolverine, Taco Bell Cheese Roll-ups, and mothers... you're all the best
ID	3	Just finished filming for the day  another fun day on the set! Hahaha!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day, amma!  I made u cake, remember? U loved it!
ID	3	Happy moms day
ID	2	1:40 am...seriously can't sleep. I heard the last thing you should do is be on the computer when you can't sleep. hmmm. what do they know
ID	2	All ready for work... except my arm
ID	3	those secondary school cooking lessons came to good use today. I made shepherd's pie for my mama.
ID	3	@ALOliver lol liking your style Alice tell him you've got standards to maintain lol, it's national Cork girls go wild in london week
ID	3	@tracysummers04 Im pleased hun
ID	2	@Do38 home? where the heck are you? Ima be home so soon! iA!
ID	3	@Jenehhh Feeling inspired this evening, huh?
ID	2	@Sion71 Indeed plenty of jokes to be had  Lying on bed hoping it's going to free up, I'm on Jury service tomorrow...
ID	3	@pranaydewan thanku  cooking is simple but the law is- u hve to have fun while u make it
ID	3	I'm seeing quite a few proto-furries here, now that I think of it.  #acen
ID	3	@chearn73 thank you  make sure u read the groups description to better understand this project
ID	2	nite nite twitts i wish u all a happy sunday i already have my major gift my my 2kids-my bro-n @_agressiva23 n 1 other gift on d way  tyg
ID	3	@devyra  do you know if anyone from the believers never die tour is going on warped? i know  i can't wait haha
ID	3	@KhairulHulk @SyamMasri supporting superfly all the way
ID	3	@rkuang i know, right? i'm super-excited - i told y'all this is the busiest time of year for me
ID	3	Hey! Let's Follow each other! Wouldn't that just be awesome!?
ID	3	happy mother's dayy!!! to me andd the rest of the fabulous mommy's out there
ID	3	@psstHOY of course.  jdoramas are the best.
ID	3	brendon thinks i'm lame..but i'm just drunk!
ID	3	I think that's our first proper contact with each other. It was amazing and brought a few tears to my eyes
ID	4	Deathstar destroys Starship Enterprice http://bit.ly/2agcTh Can't get enough of this video  #starwars #startrek
ID	3	feeling, breathing, believing, keeping you on my mind and never ever gonna think to let you go..
ID	3	Marking going ok so far A's and B's so far - relieved it looks like I have future programmers in class
ID	3	@BB517 OMJ my sister brought Coldstone cupcakes today instead of a cake to celebrate bdays in family and I was so excited taking pics
ID	3	i can't wait. 2 more days till happiness.
ID	3	Haha. I just won a $1000 bet. I settled for $100.  Not bad.
ID	2	@_Emily_Young_ okey
ID	3	finally bought my new house
ID	3	about to have some cake for my sister's birthday
ID	3	@morningroc Dont worry man. You'll see me just as much this week as you did last week.
ID	2	@DougieMcfly Haha dude, we have the same b-date :p I'll wish u ur b-day the 3oth November. I'll also turn 16  Can u reply to me please ?
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	I need 4 followers to get 100 followers!!  Fallow me!!!  I fallow you back!! ;)
ID	3	@xxmarypoppinsxx thanks. Ive got a holiday in a few weeks and also more concerts to look forward to
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day to All the Mom's out there!! We Love You!!!
ID	3	Sleepy time..   happy mothers day all u momz
ID	3	@solidmetalsnake that movie is awesome!
ID	3	Yes, I am
ID	3	happy mother's day
ID	3	phone was acting crazy today so i missed all my tweeties' updates  but i fixed it
ID	3	@ShanteRowlandd so how is the most wonderful mommy in the world doing?
ID	3	Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there and to me also
ID	3	Don't forget it's Mothers Day today, guys  But a smile on your moms face by giving her a call.
ID	2	Got pulled over by a cop, got a warning
ID	3	Its sunday morning and birds are chirping. Hoping for the best and praying that its the best.
ID	2	@mromairi They paid you to go? Think before voting, each vote counts
ID	4	@Hanster7705 ahhahahaha ARIYAN  i want to listen to that now  i used up bandwidth by downloading a hamish and andy podcast
ID	4	@ExtremeAnnette I can't seem to find it, can you send it to me again please  oh and tag it too lol
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	@lina83 Like your pics, Lucky Girl, again
ID	0	@xxlaurenbeexx aha yeah  all else fails just push  yeah we are dont know what time were leaving yet though xx
ID	1	@xxlaurenbeexx aha yeah  all else fails just push  yeah we are dont know what time were leaving yet though xx
ID	3	i want to wake up early, and get a coffee tomorrow (today) !  it's going to be a busyy day! but have to keep writing.. booo whoo!
ID	2	Ed is off to Cornwall with school for a week confused   +
ID	3	@Tiaantjee Name the rest? Let's see. Mystery Jets are pretty cool. Ida Maria AND you shud rly listen to Say Anything!
ID	2	@johncmayer polyester, protester, quester, semester, sequester...hope this helps
ID	3	@ALOliver You've got to have standards Alice otherwise were would we be ,,,,,? you got to enjoy life it's what life is for
ID	3	@bdeezy @PleasureNPain lol you guys are awesome
ID	3	happy mothers day
ID	3	is going to get her ass in gear, have some brekkie then make a start on the kitchen! woo! BBQ later too  Good times
ID	3	All the bike chat, makes me think we should sign up to this http://www.bigbikeride.co.uk @darrenstenhosue @niceguyali @ anyonewithbike
ID	3	@AubreyODay god bless u and I hope the rest of your weekend is joyfull
ID	2	twitters gettin a lil bit confusin... twitterific?twitdroid?twitterberry? i understant the txt bit tho lol  ah well, twitters cool anyways
ID	3	Happy Hug Your Mom Day!! love you mom
ID	3	@Oreosandcheese That's a great idea
ID	3	ok im about to passs out. tonight was lovely  buenas noches mi gente.. tomorrow we shall party it up again!
ID	4	@Jae878 oh yes, i ave never orderd from there, a lil funny at first to do so, i will check it our ta
ID	3	@ALOliver I am!  going on a hike today!
ID	2	@pamjob Thanks
ID	3	Star Trek is awesome!! Kirk is hot, Spock is cool. It's fun, cool and sexy. Definitely worth seeing. I saw it at the Cinerama.
ID	3	@boelzebub automated porn-downloader would have to know which porn you like. youporn has this new recommendation feature
ID	3	@Natalie_Brown Thank you so much Natalie, hope u are well
ID	3	making a Life w/o Bounds! T-Shirt for Second life
ID	3	Made a bomb and it blew in my mouth!..just made the best F*ing dinner!
ID	3	And I'm back, from a sooper dooper, extra bharia, extra dhumchik two day stay at mom's place, yay!  It's a fun fun feelin'
ID	3	Ps Brian just announced his message title, &quot;what is in you will flow from you&quot; My friend replied &quot;cheescake??&quot; Ha!
ID	3	@billingtonart think gone enjoy the beautyy of the nature , maybe sit down anywhere and write a little ,just trying to finish my last pic
ID	3	@okneil welcome home wherever that may be
ID	2	@BJoie I sent u the download link for Spanish &quot;Don't Cry&quot;...let me know when u get it
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day!
ID	2	@michau Sounds like a good five days
ID	3	@Neil_Duckett GREAT pic!  How fun!  Love food and wine festivals...well, beer fests too
ID	3	@Mummyofmany Jesus heals
ID	2	I am trying to figure out how to use Twitter
ID	3	Toasted Baked Bean Sandwiches and red wine, a perfect  sunday night dinner combination
ID	2	@CokedUpBabyBoy No nothing wrong with thinking he's hot, but he belongs to me
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to all you wonderful mothers!!
ID	3	@Orch1d: i really adore your K-POPPED site ! http://k-popped.com/ haha
ID	2	Oh yea, and I feel really feckin tired today !
ID	3	hey!! at home about to sleep i cant believe weekend finished so fast! happy mothers day!! good morning and have a great sleep
ID	3	@JessMcFlyxxx gdgd well i better go and get ready for work :| haha have fun tonight  x x
ID	2	@CindiCupcaking that's family for you  imna crash, woke up 630 3 days in a row....lol
ID	0	@worldarts I see we are approaching a nice round 5500 number, I expect you will have crashed through that by the time I come back tonight
ID	1	@worldarts I see we are approaching a nice round 5500 number, I expect you will have crashed through that by the time I come back tonight
ID	3	@MichelleCorydon Thanks!
ID	3	@ddlovato Good to hear you're bck!! don't let stupid rumours put u down! as long as ur fans r behind you, you got nothing to worry bout  x
ID	4	looking for my sister on facebook, miss you yani
ID	3	What have you done for Mother's Day?&quot;*people who are a day behind us*&quot;what will you be doing?&quot; I took my Mom to Starbucks, she enjoyed it
ID	3	@jadeofjades www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyJvgnP9-vA sowwwwyy! U girls make me twisted all time
ID	3	@AdistaKim I was going to hidden-file it and you're thinking about youtube? SO NOTT! Lol. Hey put the phone down and more swimming
ID	3	@lilbumbles Happy Mother's Day to the only mother I have on my list!
ID	3	Watching Rugrats  anndd Tweeting, of course!
ID	3	@halden2714 Thank you!
ID	3	@Tiaantjee BTW: Does it offend you, yeah? - We are rockstars. Pretty ok.
ID	3	Good morning   http://bit.ly/Tjvhv
ID	3	got in a fist fight with a old biker guy.......and how dare you even ask, yes i kicked his ass
ID	3	http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
ID	2	The geeks were out in full force to see Star Trek. Yes, myself included.
ID	3	@thelast1uthink ZOMG SO CUTE MATT. shit thats a good movie
ID	3	happy mother's day  &amp; later on i can't wait to see @que_day26 in concert. lol. well ima see all of day 26 but i like him the most ;D
ID	3	happy mothers day mum
ID	3	@vincenthofmann  Yes. But, Cute AND Predictable works for you...
ID	2	Zombies make great huggers b/c they don't lower their arms or move to fast...   @zaneology (via @sharonhayes)
ID	3	@GoonersNato - Aww, yeah, dear Nicky  .
ID	3	@JessMcFlyxxx yeaahh xD i think one of them are dancing!! A little kid! woo!  xx
ID	3	@heartbomb haha i do! that was my fave san-x character. that's rirakkuma.
ID	3	@PerezHilton loving the shoes perez, looking fine as always  oh,and lady gaga, what can I say. Outstanding!
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day! Same day, more chocolate
ID	2	talking on the phone with someone I've missed a lottt.
ID	2	@kutski brill  i'll try and keep an eye on twitter, didn't help yesterday, ran outta battery right when i needed it.
ID	3	@tonyrobbins &quot;paradise is where I am.&quot; he also said
ID	3	Morning all  Up and at the washing machine already!! Going to mum and dads house to get the house ready for wedding day...busy busy busy
ID	4	Trying to sleep, watching CNN and thinking about todays meeting at work...Best Buy 24/7 in my life, oh well.. whatever pays the alcohol
ID	3	@gcrush thank YOU!! You guys did awesome things for my blog tonight  so grateful!!
ID	3	DIVERSITY DIVERSITY DIVERSITY TODAYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ID	3	@theasiangoddess thanks for the #followfriday  right back atcha!
ID	3	Getting ready to go study outside while having some fun in such a nice sunny day.
ID	3	@Sharmi A pretty black top with flowers in pink hues
ID	3	in Newcastle enjoying the family  With mum on mother's day for the 1st time in years!
ID	3	@bluecat7  i definitely will , although with the caveat  that i normally only read non fiction..but have more in recent years read novels
ID	3	Kakabalik lang from Tarlac. Good aftie.
ID	3	Is Skyping with family
ID	3	@RealBillBailey Bill, absolutely fantastic programme. Loved the 'cow bell' bit towards the end.
ID	3	Someone just admitted to having a crush on me.. That's cool
ID	3	Why do people have 2 be so deceitful and unreal?  But my love for Steve Jones and Channing Tatum has been renewed lol...their soo nice
ID	0	@Darcrider ... rather than outdated &amp; bigoted at worst, and outdated, patronising, imperialist, monoculturalist &amp; self-righteous at best.
ID	1	@Darcrider ... rather than outdated &amp; bigoted at worst, and outdated, patronising, imperialist, monoculturalist &amp; self-righteous at best.
ID	2	@ScubaStev3 jfufnfwucnbqjic im bored
ID	3	Just got back from 5km run!  It was really good!
ID	3	@Mrjaydeeone thanks for the add  I'll try again signing in later when I get home. If still no such luck then I'll email someone
ID	3	Everything is better with a bag of weed
ID	2	@daniel_beckwith it cant be that good if your twittering instead of watching it  xx
ID	3	Finally made it through Dead Space, that only took half a year
ID	3	Oh and Cali plans are a GO! I might get to see DA too and she's my hero and rocks my socks
ID	2	Getting ready to go to #Brighton to find myself a new suit from #GreshamBlake - Sunday = me time
ID	2	has stuff to do but refuses to do them.  :[
ID	3	is at work...gettin paid to sit on my arse as there are no guests down yet!! mum is comin up after  eexcited
ID	3	@duck_ily Thanks for coming out, cuz
ID	3	i learnt something new today
ID	2	Ugh i can't sleep and it's reallyy gettin to me gahif pisses me off so bad sometimes. Atleast i know who my friends are
ID	3	@jmarie7481 http://twitpic.com/4vvou - Ok...I LOVE IT!! Melika come on do your make-up like this next time we go out
ID	3	@fatinee haha  i did! many times before!
ID	3	@angryfaggot, Whered you end up going? I stayed in &amp; watched SNL, one of the funnier shows theyve done this season.
ID	3	@Shannonbabeee Are y'all coming out today??? We could go to the graveyard!!  HOORAYY!!!!!
ID	0	@Rebekah_McFly LOL nah ! of course you'll get the DVD first since you've already ordered it. i'll sign up to Bebo on Tuesday then! lol  xx
ID	1	@Rebekah_McFly LOL nah ! of course you'll get the DVD first since you've already ordered it. i'll sign up to Bebo on Tuesday then! lol  xx
ID	3	@PeteMoring Well it's nice to 'see' you. Have a great day and tweet again soon
ID	2	Time to wind down and relax a little.  I can only change the world a little through Twitter each evening.  The rest will be up to others.
ID	3	@Thea_Smith glad the zoo was fun and you had a great mothers day hun
ID	3	&quot;Completely dishwasher safe, except that the pattern might come off.&quot; Blue Coat humour at its best  Three cheers for Viz
ID	3	happy mother's day
ID	3	Yet another good weekend with someone. Sigh. Man I like the boy..
ID	2	@C_DIG up late again I see?  You missed a great time at Donny's birthday... remember to call him on Monday!
ID	3	@_PurpleRose_ Happy m0ther's day ms. Rhix
ID	3	Someone left me an anonymous card. Thank you! It was incredible
ID	3	@MichaelDalmer It's IQ is high when it comes to knowledge about how to swim round'n'round in the bowl...
ID	3	@shubhamsingal ....nope.. its for the 1st time we invited her at SSM  and she very graceful accepted it !
ID	2	Up and about on a Sunday morning after about 3 hours sleep AND alcohol - I should definitely be studied
ID	3	http://tinyurl.com/oqsqz6 Grace's FunZen magic mood tool for keeping her cool in the pool of real life which is now yours too
ID	3	Good morning everyone  It's a nice day #iloveitwhen the sun is shining. And now I'm going to write some stuff
ID	3	@bradiewebbstack every time you write a tweet the always make me smile  just had to let you no
ID	3	@sarahnd for nearly a month!!  So exciting
ID	3	@aminorjourney - I did see it...looks so retro!   I wouldn't say no to rerecordings...fans LOVED Given One Change.  You have CS Fans!
ID	3	@kjofficial I'm sure you left the audience awestruck Katherine. Looking forward to reading some wonderful reports.
ID	3	@bradiewebbstack i had had a baked dinner yummy  cant wait for new short stack tv, what kind of dips shall it be?
ID	3	@bradiewebbstack haha sounds like your going to have heaps of fun  xx
ID	2	@mariancall I'm just glad that you didn't think that Star Trek didn't live up to its hype, and wasn't a waste of your time and money.
ID	3	Was quite amusing watching Pangaea sing &quot;F*** Killah Priest!&quot; I guess he won't be featuring on their album
ID	3	#mikeywayday? Count me IN
ID	3	@ShannonCleary1 sounds like a perfect way to spend a sunday evening. Enjoy
ID	3	Yesterday was AWESOME ! Sunny day, best friends, good food &amp; tons of fun - what more could you ask for ?
ID	3	hey guys  we just wanted to announce a marathon! so, let's just say...GET READY FOR A COUPLE EPISODES!
ID	4	... sorry GPGMail
ID	2	@daveg38 I was thinking that too this morning. Don't worry it soon passes
ID	3	word to yer mother!!   \m/
ID	3	@courtney_ozaki LOL you gooot that riiight!!  i mean, how can you not twatt about something so cool xD
ID	3	Dear journal, i had sex with earl tonight. It was the most amazing thirty seconds of my life!
ID	3	checked out Green Day on demand &amp; saw the new live videos. U were right, they did blow my mind  I love u SGB, even more all the time, Mom
ID	3	Happy robbie drank a good bit, as long as he doesn't wake up sick
ID	3	had a cracking night last night, don't think i've ever laughed so much  nice, lazy day today woop!
ID	3	@CORiNALYNN I had so much fun with my bffs and iyla!!  love you!!!
ID	3	@bradiewebbstack awww ily you're so sweet
ID	3	@Cubikmusik ah great  will have a fiddle later and see what I can figure out!
ID	3	@djneilquigley   Just saw it tonight as well... Great movie!!  Hope you're well mate! Cheers E
ID	3	@trainright http://twitpic.com/4vgzy - Moving is great, especially if lots of them help.
ID	3	@rixx03 How sweet, heart to heart talk with mom!
ID	3	just got eminem tix for friday
ID	3	@chrisaston Woo hoo!! Congratulations
ID	3	I guess I'll use TwitterFox for a while, now
ID	4	@AshantiGirl HELLOOO!!! How are you?? Gosh I miss seeing you around. Thought of you last night when I had some amarula
ID	2	@taltalush I have both her CDs and know them both by heart. Really, Tal, you think you can intro ME to country music?!
ID	0	got a little scare tonight. couldnt fall back to sleep. so i started working on my digital imaging project. looking good.
ID	1	got a little scare tonight. couldnt fall back to sleep. so i started working on my digital imaging project. looking good.
ID	3	@ukcatalogue fabulous combination till A. It arrives, B. The bill comes! Fun chatting to you. Have a good Sunday!
ID	3	up and at work im ina good mood
ID	4	@JoyVBehar Im sorry for that
ID	3	has found a free wifi point ... and it's sunny
ID	2	Send Movie recommendations my way please anyone
ID	3	i'm celebrating my mother!!  and also celebrating my legacy as a woman of God.
ID	2	@Soudabeh What happened? ... Doctors don't get sick!   hope you get well soon...
ID	3	@mitsuhiko Np mate, was great meeting you in Prague
ID	2	@TzakShrike and I have a gentleman's agreement: Whoever wins the first match (or is it best of three?) pays for the other person's copy.
ID	4	everybody needs some time on thier own  Guns N Roses x ? http://blip.fm/~5z5kz
ID	3	Is up, coffee in hand with laminate floor to lay then Footy to watch and play, living the dream
ID	2	@leelougheed no deal I want it as well as my netbook and iPhone please
ID	3	@crazylabel Ordered mine, thank you!!
ID	2	epic day/night. disappointing loss #canucks but watching star trek made it so much better  live long &amp; prosper friends. night \\//-_-\\//
ID	2	@Brutus626 that you got to see your bubb
ID	3	gonna walk around for an hour now :I but I'm totally motivated! Wahahaha
ID	3	@jaztwitta welcome home babe!
ID	3	@wendy_fred6 Awww... :/ I guess that's both good and bad, moving is not an option I guess?  Mhm, so are you, hehe ;) (we have same time?)
ID	3	@welshblue78 I did?!  yay! Where did I get that extra 300 from? Hmm.. anyway  I'm going to be partying hard when I get it
ID	3	@ChieriNagase 120mm films usually handled at Fuji  Oh I met a girl at San Diego. Kwento soon. I miss youuu!
ID	0	Why is it that America celebrates mother's day on a different day to England? Anyhooo...Happy Mother's Day 2 All American Mumzys!  x
ID	1	Why is it that America celebrates mother's day on a different day to England? Anyhooo...Happy Mother's Day 2 All American Mumzys!  x
ID	0	@amiemccarron yes but they hate it when we do it...silly boys
ID	1	@amiemccarron yes but they hate it when we do it...silly boys
ID	3	Fab wedding yesterday, feet still sore from dancing so must be a good sign. V glad to wake up in my own bed this morning
ID	3	@Catboy_Dubai Enjoy sounds idyllic AND Geordiebird has lost her bikini...perfect holiday!
ID	3	is back at home...had a great day  http://plurk.com/p/svkc8
ID	0	Can't wait for @timminchin live! It's ages away but still I should do a @DancingRocks and plan what I'm going to wear lol
ID	1	Can't wait for @timminchin live! It's ages away but still I should do a @DancingRocks and plan what I'm going to wear lol
ID	3	just finished watching my copy of the Twilight DVD. Ganda ng mga deleted and extended scenes.  http://plurk.com/p/svkch
ID	3	........ Lala.. Little girl! I love these new songs!  @HiPPiEHO Ive answered u ^^ Love to all you freaky twitter guys ;D
ID	3	@LifeofaDQ I am so proud of you
ID	3	man only thing i would chng about vegas is those british boys wayyyy to hot
ID	3	Roast was yummy, I think mum was impressed!!!
ID	3	I love being in charge
ID	2	http://bit.ly/PenQl  I've added a new icon to the feedicon database  Have some fun with it!
ID	3	@ememcoolj your face makes people laugh. cause you're so ugly. so you're half-way there
ID	3	barely awake, eating breakfast.. marathon morning!   Good luck to all the racers, and happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	@sahilk It was on March 22nd in UK..today all quiet here regarding mothers day  Very sweet of u to wish though..thanks!
ID	3	self-portrait week http://unbecominglily.blogspot.com/2009/05/announcing.html  would you like to join in?
ID	3	My brother is making banana shake. Yesterday he made mango shake. He's our shake guy.
ID	3	@FindingCeej hala! you're finally here
ID	3	@punnie I don't use it, but I heard that PowerShell is nice
ID	0	stop making assumptions about me when you dont even fucking know me!  haha stupid bitches. thanks for defending me, matthew.
ID	1	stop making assumptions about me when you dont even fucking know me!  haha stupid bitches. thanks for defending me, matthew.
ID	3	I Got it!
ID	3	Sang on xbox lips and drunk beer my weekend rocks so far
ID	3	I think im becoming obsessed with MGMT- kids  &lt;3
ID	3	its ok @samcarterrules saw u with joey thought u looked interesting like the same things on  #SanctuarySunday
ID	3	i dyed my hair back to super black again!
ID	3	@IshraSharif ISHRA!! haha, cassie ventura? ...not after her haircut! where were you yesterday during the beat music awards?
ID	3	Tiesto in Vicky Park - how excellent
ID	3	Luv you sissy
ID	3	@TheSUPERGIRL Extremely excited! i'm 15 days behind you
ID	3	watching merlin omg he is cute
ID	2	I'd rather sit on a bench with a friendly psychiatric patient than go a party with some &quot;cool&quot; person
ID	4	@greggrunberg just showin some love to ya. and i'm really gonna miss Greg Beeman's directing next season. ya'll's commentaries r so funny
ID	3	@bradiewebbstack ooh yay, its been forevs since last ss tv  baked dinner is so good, how yummy. I had prawns  xx
ID	3	F1 &amp; Star Trek...what a great Sunday
ID	3	@TonyEmmerson Sounds nice! If you try the recipe you gotta tell me how it turned out!
ID	4	@princ3sskrys10 lmao I've never met anyone who liked caramel this much
ID	3	@KevJaffray you too!  Cloudy day here in Madrid, typical Spring day
ID	4	@fayewhitaker shame Freud can't follow up on those implications
ID	4	Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, and Leonard NImoy on SNL tonight was quite possibly the most fun I've had geeking out in a long time.
ID	2	Morning all! Something for the weekend and leftover dominos. Noiiiiice
ID	3	good day to all of you!! Another lindy day today! Level A, B, FREE tester at 20:00 (Olympiou Diamanti 25, 6th floor, Thessaloniki) !!
ID	3	@MrsMW Really worth watching at the cinema.  Mum really enjoyed it
ID	3	@Tegs03 bahah that would be really funny she would be really cut haha
ID	3	@DanWarp http://twitpic.com/4so0u - OOO i wish i was her  he's hot
ID	3	My mom doesn't have twitter but imma post this anyway ..... I love you mommy
ID	4	@giblahoj Oh! It's not the mothers day in France, but in Germany and in the USA that is it
ID	0	@Huntley22 haha fucking hell i know ay. shit son he's just making trouble. we could take him.
ID	1	@Huntley22 haha fucking hell i know ay. shit son he's just making trouble. we could take him.
ID	3	LOVE ME LOVE ME SAY THAT YOU LOVE ME...
ID	3	Very succesful Cancertown Launch yesterday
ID	3	&amp;&amp;the night continues!  w/ my fav mazie; kristina; ericka &amp;&amp; robin!
ID	3	chilling
ID	3	@scottrmcgrew I know sleep is so over rated! who needs it, right!
ID	3	@TomFelton d'aaaaawhh you're so cute
ID	2	@joelhouston maybe I missed my chance this time
ID	2	@daveaitel I'm already here  see you there!
ID	2	Do you ever get the idea that your are completely talking to yourself on Twitter?
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL OUR MOMS!
ID	2	@p47 Not universal. See http://bit.ly/TmJtz  for details.
ID	3	@bradiewebbstack Haha  i like you default picture.     Meow.
ID	3	happy mothers day mommy  i love you so much, dono what id do without you ??
ID	3	@sandraschubert This is true... Clean clothes is a VERY good thing!   Enjoy your day! Love your new avatar BTW!
ID	3	@thirtysix Funnily enough, Roland is President of my social club!
ID	3	Happy mothers day to all the Twitter moms, sent my own mom a very sleepy video by phone and called after.
ID	3	@deadmanwade awwww ray you're the best.  it means a lot to me that you say that! i can't wait to hang with you again, hopefully soon!
ID	3	Greys Anatomy is so fuckn awesome atm!!
ID	3	@solangeknowles www.youtube.com/watch?v=6UrRxta8doM this was the first 1!
ID	3	Still in bed enjoying the spring  sunshine streaming in the window, woke at 5am rigid, extreme pain and exhausted but i'm positive today
ID	2	with emma  going 2 see diversity today :O  x
ID	3	the cuckoo is back! this year's model starts chirping  at 11 am instead of 4 am.
ID	3	@DJ_AM Well what can I say - you do look Hot in your pic... That's gotta work for most of us...
ID	2	@BrookeDavis_x I've got my essay plan written out now  Looking for a couple of references, then I'll get writing!
ID	3	Wishing @Blacksocialite a Happy Mothers Day
ID	3	@greggrunberg Or a wonderful talking alarm call from I-Phone or Bed side Alarm call! I can just imagine the wake up messages lol
ID	3	@harmonjames You geek!
ID	3	@chelsea_playboy yehh just signed
ID	3	My home made red velvet cupcakes were pretty damn good! now to master the frosting... goodnight!
ID	3	@RemyBanks Did you see my message mandingo jr.!!..lol. I hope its music i'll like.
ID	3	@angryfaggot, Decaf? I can do some teas late but never coffee- Id fly around the room. Justin Timberlake hosted. FUNNY sketch w/ Samberg
ID	2	Happy Mothers Day to all the mummies  oxoxo
ID	3	@hollywoodtv alison is great around miley love to meet her, when you see her can you tell her to give a shoutout to @brad92190  #1 fan
ID	2	NAPLAN testing, tuesday, wednesday &amp; thursday. i'm afraid about the maths one, english ,not so much
ID	2	It's just a click without subscription needed  Vote for my tweet on http://openzap.com/ (in today best list)
ID	3	@shaundiviney :O:O:O:O:O:O:O You Like Sweeney Todd TOO!?!?!   (Y) Best Movie (Y)
ID	3	I haven't slept this good in such a long time... I feel great.
ID	3	@MyCaribbeanFood enjoy and congrats! thanks for the recipe we'll do it tomorrow morning.
ID	3	Sewing things is nice  I feel crafty and productive. And foxy.
ID	3	Feeling very grateful for such a great Mum, and family
ID	3	@lrpw1302 Thank you  x
ID	3	@PerezHilton you givein lady ga ga arun for her money in that get up hee hee love it
ID	3	http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
ID	3	Came tantalizingly close to acing a Facebook communism quiz. One question has &quot;I hope Britain will be next communist&quot; as correct answer.
ID	3	@mr_trick It's all good  The next 6 months are going to be awesome.
ID	3	good morning everyone! hope you al have a lovely sunday!  (and i do hope it doesnt rain tomorrow :|)
ID	3	getting ready to leave school on wednesday
ID	3	My favourite photo (that I took) from last night: http://tinyurl.com/oto5sz can't wait to see @byronrode's pics
ID	3	@shinytoyguns you guys ROCKED IT tonight in LA!! Love ya guys and cab wait to see another awesome show soon
ID	2	@mayurjango @Blogsdna Yeah eCpm is going UP and down badly - hope things improve
ID	2	@Emily_Murtough I'm sure you'll be fine   Have you learnt it?
ID	3	Efteling was great, had a nice time with family, had dinner.. forget my keys in the car  hmmm! Bless the ANWB! Back in Germany now
ID	3	I always forget how much fun kyle is!
ID	3	Just woke up. Gonna have a shower and go to Nan's for Mother's day lunch. Happy Mother's day
ID	3	Ah, finally at home in my comfy bed. Goodnight
ID	3	@Sims3Nieuws just have been away for 2 years: not playing sims but World of Warcraft
ID	2	A VERY HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL MOTHERS OUT THERE! Mamma Mia - Abba   ? http://blip.fm/~5z5uw
ID	3	@DeanBenninger God bless you my dear friend...
ID	2	Number 999. My next tweet must be something really special.
ID	3	Aly &amp; AJ new album this summer. YAY!
ID	3	@ShalondaGordon @britneyspears @mrskutcher sending you love on mother's day and wishing you more happiness in the days ahead!
ID	3	@flamingokitty I'm surprised your bf didn't want to play with u! Although that would require another guitar...Glad u had fun
ID	3	OMG!!  Booth's hallucination in the latest epi of Bones is absolutely brilliant  &quot;you're a gud lookin guy.. if u keep an open mind&quot; LOL!
ID	3	@DavidBurke1 morning David have a safe journey and enjoy your time in the states  xxx
ID	3	@heynadine yayy! i cant wait to see them!
ID	3	@fiercemichi well that's good  and i'm a fast learner. Mmm  Zachary...be prepared 4 me t randomly mention him at any given time. he yummy.
ID	2	@ANGiExcoco3 hay wats ur AIM? we should chat
ID	3	im exploring my home xD (back from vacation!) Nice to be @ home!
ID	3	is about to eat a hot link torta!!
ID	3	@laingrithdz Thanks a lot! You're very kind!  I just got back from a nice drive in the 500. Such a fun car to drive  Have a nice day!
ID	3	@aljones15 thank you!! ooh I see you've read Desert Islands http://is.gd/ys6K great book!
ID	3	Mornin world! Hmmm... I was supposed to be up early. Oh well!
ID	3	@vieirasboots - all is fine  thanks! you guys dont have any quakes there?
ID	3	i miss mcfly last night so much!! i was front row centre  danny was making me laugh so much LOL
ID	3	Good Morning  Jess here  Just wanted to say thank you to everyone following us  tell your friends about us please  xxx
ID	3	@adneonheart oh my god, i finally found someone online! haha
ID	2	@stefanz i have a weird subconscience. i wonder who will i dream next
ID	3	@Beverleyknight enjoy!!!  have a good day. don't forget to twitpic xxx
ID	3	@marginatasnaily Yes, you really should!
ID	3	Proud 2 B a trekkie . The new Star Trek movie RUUULLZZZ
ID	3	@NLiukin OMG so exctied
ID	3	@Takaki_I Yeah poor Yao! Hope u had fun looking at the Lakers JerseyZ haha! Enjoy ur time buddy !
ID	3	@taylor_dayne OMG!!! Yr like a goddess to me. Prove yr love &amp; love will lead u back are 2 of my fav old skool tracks  x
ID	3	yays poker win!  that and sketchy student decided to show up today. lawl
ID	3	the globe theatre rocks.......nothing better than romeo &amp; juliet as it was supposed to be watched
ID	3	the sun is shinning! im off out!!
ID	3	rsvp-ed qiuqiu's wedding invitation
ID	3	Got a Saturdays framed signed foto last night  and a Valentino rossi 1 aswell  eee what a night
ID	4	fighting with mum on mothers day
ID	3	@andyclemmensen have you seen the game on the website?! awesomness!!! go on msn
ID	3	@lancearmstrong is that like Planes, Trains, and Automobiles?  Best of luck Juan Pelota.
ID	3	@oohnoo that's great!! weee!! visitors!
ID	3	@laurenwhispers Greenday are coming in December
ID	3	@andyclemmensen have you seen the game on the website?! awesomness!!! go on msn!
ID	3	@rebeccamezzino It's a great movie - My best is the Welsh flatmate
ID	3	@zaneology Correction: &quot;facetious&quot; not &quot;sarcastic.&quot; Apologies.  Oh, and happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	@supergrassfan Cheers John, thanks for following me. Look forward to your twitterings too. Think this'll be a good place for my rants  xxx
ID	3	@andyclemmensen have you seen the game on the website?! awesomness!!! go on msn
ID	3	If EVERYONE constantly retweeted that it would make it!
ID	3	I'm at Cobra, Mexican bird flu hub/gay bar, and hate when they play the 80's mix. Oh shit, FREEZE FRAME
ID	3	@andyclemmensen have you seen the game on the website?! awesomness!!! go on msn!
ID	2	i love pink, and i don't care. today i shall not tweet as i have to hardcore work with jamie! have a nice day everyoneeeee  xxxxxxloser
ID	2	Thank you all for the huge response w/ blessings &amp; congratulations for us and Anna... We're indeed a family in church  love that so much
ID	3	just came back from seeing the boat that rocked, it was an amazingly cool movie, definitely getting it on DVD once its out
ID	3	goodnight all in the twitterverse
ID	3	@Eemma http://twitpic.com/2aa0m - So this is where you're getting the $$$ for the island
ID	3	@judyrey Thank you, Judy! Same back at you!
ID	2	i'm hungry. i want scrambled eggs again. my grandma always makes perfect scrambled eggs. my mum sucks at it. so i'll go make some myself!
ID	3	@_NyLana_ An! Happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	says I LOVE YOU MOM  http://plurk.com/p/svm0w
ID	3	FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK, @bradiewebbstack please comment me back  ILY
ID	3	good morning folks!   what ya gonna do today? it's mothers day
ID	3	One for the Mum's - HAPPY MOTHERS DAY! &amp; a special mention 4 one of our newest members: @Holly_Jane, Hope @DHughesy was good 4 u &amp; 2 u
ID	3	@forkncork I'll be thinking about how many goals United are going to knock past City. How 'bout you?
ID	2	is suppose to be studying
ID	4	Mmmm Ham  Yummy! I have hat hair...Stupid Deli ._.
ID	3	@mari_possa Happy Happy Bday Baby Girl. Love Ya!!!! Hope you get EVERYTHING you want
ID	3	@mari_possa Happy Happy Bday Baby Girl. Love Ya!!!! Hope you get EVERYTHING you want
ID	3	Is still awake at 5AM but for way better reasons.  A fantastic night with fantastic people... and fantastic food!!
ID	4	Strange day  I forget all what i can
ID	3	Morning all  and its a lovely day at last
ID	3	Having a cup of tea  I have a cold so it's tasting really good!
ID	2	@TaylaMcCloud yeah i did haha 3rd episode is up as well
ID	3	yesterday was fun.. 1st concert of the year [i know, i'm late xD].. buena vista social club live FOR FREE..
ID	3	Headed home, see yall in the A.M. Tweets
ID	3	still working on my mom's mothers day gift....shh, its a slideshow
ID	3	@katelynndivine I just texted you but I hope you know you are my favorite
ID	2	@Emily_Murtough Yeah, I know what you mean. I was really worried about it, but the exam was fine, I'm sure you'll do well
ID	3	&quot;Thick as pig shit - went to Oxford&quot; - Helena's (Cantab) friend's description of me to her boyfriend, yesterday...
ID	3	@MariahCarey im kinda tired enough to sleep, but &quot;Migrate&quot; has got me up singing along, haha
ID	2	@Tory_x little Taylor? i feel sorry for the way she spells her name
ID	3	DH at work, DD7 at party. Seriously thinking of treating DS9 and myself to sushi lunch - after all, it IS Mother's Day here!
ID	2	@SimplyRe A week away from 21 huh!? So what do you wanna sip on - I got 'cha! Shhh... we won't tell  Love you!
ID	3	@sweethoneyguy awww THANK YOU!  you are a great guy too  how's ur weekend been so far?  hugs xxx
ID	3	@spanglegluppet *laughs* I'm glad that you have self confidence - it's a wonderful trait to have  I'll applaud extra loud for it, okay?
ID	3	Have just slept for 14 hours, would have been longer but working this pm
ID	4	@askfrasco ooh,,, am fine, how about ya??? I know toooo late,,, sorry for dat....
ID	3	@devyra haha one day we will have a huge roadtrip
ID	3	@GeekySteph also, try Friendly Fires if you haven't already heard them. great stuff  AND Florence and The Machine. Great, great music
ID	3	@RealHughJackman Wolverine is awesome.. love it! your such a great actor..
ID	3	@CMZart you should get your work everywhere.. Articles etc. Love it!
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MAMMA
ID	3	@talindab http://twitpic.com/4m9up - ?s this your house ?? The dog is really sweet
ID	3	@LimeIce Err, I get that  Now, with the TimThumb, what's with the url?
ID	3	Mexican coca cola in a bottle. New favorite thing.  No high fructose corn syrup....  sugar is so awesomely old school.
ID	3	had a cool lil night. Now at Berrie's about to eat pizza waitin for @NOEL4PRESIDENT
ID	3	@xoJennyPennyxo I like too  how are you?
ID	3	the sun is shining and i'm off for a driving lesson
ID	3	i'm looking forward to the joy of the f1.... hoping its another disaterous race for ferrari and button gets another well deserved win
ID	3	has done the ChocoSlam with his brother. As usual, there were some failures.  I finally burnt my tongue. HAHAHAHA! Stupid me.
ID	3	@petewentz eerrrrrrrrr.......... no i would say not.  i heart ur background though!
ID	2	is predicting a heavyweight battle between Lakers and Cleveland on the Finals! Well, hopefully! *crosses his fingers*
ID	3	Watching videos on Facebook makes me feel like the biggest creep. Which I guess I am. Also, tweet #200! Woohoo!
ID	3	Paul Scanlon sharing from God's Word this morning, he's sounding a bit hoarse perhaps a touch of *#cold*? It won't hold our Pastor back
ID	3	@noxhanti  LOL --&gt; don't mention it, my pleasure!!
ID	2	Is @ peace with himself happy mothers day to all
ID	2	@mileycyrus Airsoft is horrible!! Hope you didn't get hurt
ID	3	lookin forward to jam with DJ Kimosave on the 16th @ The Loft
ID	3	munchin BACON BUTTIES! woohoo!!  my faves!!!
ID	3	Here's @Euan and @stoweboyd at our evening drink on Thursday night in London.  http://twitpic.com/4wrrp
ID	3	@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/4ukqe - haha cute and beautiful  U R cool Miley.^^
ID	3	Eating a dillybar from DQ! Yuuum
ID	3	@Beverleyknight so is it a day of 'pleasure' for you or is it a Personal Appearance?? all in all, sounds a good day with good weather!!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the Mothers! Especially mine!  Enjoy ya day mothers!
ID	3	@Grannny63 Happy Mother's Day!  Hugs~
ID	2	morning the sun is back!!! me like
ID	3	@rv109creek ay buti pa kayo!!!! uy thank you!!
ID	3	just got the bouquet of flowers for my mom  HEHEHE SWEET )
ID	3	@gnomeangel Yep!!
ID	3	Home from work. A few hours of sleep then putting some miles on the new bike.
ID	3	@OhaiGabriella O: aw, frank  i like that movie, it's cool. i don't fully understand, but i think that's cool (:
ID	2	@artgrrl still a bit of a warning signal in my head saying: &quot;you want yesterday's headache back? ok, get yourself a coffee then, quick!&quot;
ID	3	@achurches why yes ... a bag of goodies  lol
ID	3	@BrianMcnugget rofl that's what we like to hear
ID	3	This is for all of you ppl! The 1 year Anniversary Video. http://is.gd/ysbs more to come after the break
ID	3	http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
ID	3	@telesilla Indeed. Thanks for sharing that! Now I can go to sleep giggling. Night!
ID	0	@Noufah at least its legal , here in kuwait if u weren't driving SUV then u will get a ticket with big smile
ID	1	@Noufah at least its legal , here in kuwait if u weren't driving SUV then u will get a ticket with big smile
ID	2	sorry to hear that  It's going okay, just tweeting away  @ashleylovegood
ID	4	my shoes taken off and my slippers put on my feet!
ID	3	I WANT RED CRUISERS!!  i don't like the other ones. LMFAO!
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day! Will be going out later at 6 pm to watch a well renowned group of singers!
ID	2	Just came back (well yesterday) from the Hannah M. movie, I LOVED IT! I went to the highest part of the cinema to dance! BEAUTIFUL SONGS
ID	3	Stitches out. Very brave boy, no anesthetic, just cbeebies to dull the pain.
ID	2	misses my Mom today. She was my Best Friend and even though she has been gone several yrs I still miss her dearly. Happy Mother's Day
ID	3	Good Morning  i ate pizza for breakfast
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day
ID	3	I love waking up and thinking it's a weekday, but then realizing it's the weekend.
ID	3	@littledeaths Thank you  xx
ID	3	New toys.
ID	2	Finally came around to shorten my Twitter username from @pascalfinette to @pfinette. If you follow me - no need to change anything.
ID	3	@sethu_j 4ever, it was in she's the man aswell  I love them now. I want gossip girl too! Have decided summer = spending lots.
ID	3	@FlissTee Oh, fabulous ta.  I'm with the coffee too, obviously, although my cup is not large enough to embrace which is its deficiency.
ID	3	@Lee_bandoni Ok, see you at da climbing
ID	2	@Audiomonkee Because you're not exactly in those parts of Northern Emirates  It was 5.3 Richter I think.
ID	3	Just got home. So glad I decided to go out. Yay for new friends. Yay for a hug from my crush. Happy
ID	2	might still be eating and drinking then
ID	3	good morning twitterworld!  slept too less..
ID	3	if u have a friendster add me!!!!!!!!!        my email adress      add me  loco_crime_1st@yahoo.com        add me leave some comment
ID	3	@moonfrye Happy Mothers Day
ID	3	Still awake lol Finished talking to a really good Brawl player. We talking in SmashSpace.ning.com  Join the website if you like SSBB!
ID	3	Hello twitting world!  We are off to best buddies bbq  but untill then Jay z is on Spotify
ID	3	Today is my first real mothers day with my son actually here  he wasn't born yet last year , can't wait to hug him when I get home
ID	3	Perfect night. Best month of my life so far!! You my boo, @RyanFeero
ID	3	@dougiemcfly hey cant wait 4 u guys 2 come over 2 jersey woop.... hope ur lookin 4ward 2 it coz we r  x
ID	3	@devyra hahahaha definitely!  still writing?
ID	2	Makes sense that greatfirewallofchina.org, a site to test whether a site is blocked in China, is blocked in China. Get that?  Any others?
ID	3	Yay! Go wyattt your totally amazing'!'! Im So happy for you.  yay
ID	3	@JayJager well donkey has his own appeal, for sure.
ID	3	Had the best night I've had in a while.
ID	3	@brgd oh cool you are coming to berlin    ! ! !
ID	3	@ParentByNature that is so lovely
ID	3	@whitepaws_husky Thank you!  And I hope karma beats those fuckers into the ground.
ID	3	up and reading the (maltese) sunday newspaper over coffee... Aaaah.. Glorious Sundays
ID	3	I'm a bit late, but the new twitterific interface for the iPhone is very cool, oh and Richie and Lauren on their engagement
ID	2	Started following QueenRania for a change
ID	3	i'm awake, too early for my liking on a sunday...but i'm looking at my pictures  last night was bloody awesome, there are no words...
ID	3	Finally going home! Its been a long night.. Ready to crash and have awesome dreams
ID	3	a surprisingly good day, now its time to sleep. hopefully sweet dreams await me
ID	3	Goooood beer tiiiimes
ID	3	HEY TWEETERZ. GO ON ITUNES NOW &amp; BUY @JoshBkelley and @ryan_cabrera 's NEW HIT SINGLE &quot;TELL IT LIKE IT IS&quot;
ID	3	she is only 2 years and she's the funniest thing when she is dancing! she's sooo happyyyy!
ID	3	@InfamousDolly oh yeah them too. LOL
ID	3	meeting up with strangers. lol. alone in vegas. amazing.
ID	3	Yeah for Smallville, my late night savior. It's the one where Clark meets young Flash, total awesomeness
ID	4	@OhaiGabriella i hate it. it should just be english all day everyday
ID	3	@mslittlekho love this one, especially the shoes  anyway, gmn punya acc lookbook ya? http://lookbook.nu/look/92920
ID	3	@DannysGhirl hehe i found ya
ID	3	@Storm_Crow Morning!
ID	2	Take antibacterial to school to clean your hands when you cant go the loos
ID	3	@katherineclare australian hardcore/metalcore scene is amazing right now. look up third strike and chelsea smile. AND BMTH IN 7 DAYS
ID	3	@spiller2 @ann_donnelly  Cool, Thanks for re-tweeting it guys
ID	3	xhausted after an amazing nite at the w.house corr.dinn--whatta nite!! zzz twitterland
ID	3	Just spent the last two hours playing L4D with babe  Had HELLA fun. I love him &lt;3
ID	3	@BrianMcnugget excellent  looks like you'll have some twitterific competition
ID	3	Off to work
ID	3	Right! Into action! Grab a shower, grab my camera and, I think, a walk in the sunshine along the canal. Later, good tweeple
ID	3	@frama_c Oh yeah. Point taken
ID	0	i hate snoring. remind me if my future husband ever snores, we're getting a divorce.
ID	1	i hate snoring. remind me if my future husband ever snores, we're getting a divorce.
ID	3	happy mother's day, mommy! hope you will have a good day
ID	4	@AlanCarr Quaver Sandwiches  and tea.
ID	3	There are wonderful people in my life who I think I can handle only in small doses  &amp; there is just 1 I cud be with every hour, everyday.
ID	3	@24kphotography Thank you! I appreciate that.
ID	3	is at my grandma's place with my mum, celebrating mothers' day in 3 generations. The 4th will come
ID	3	SUNNY DAY!  going down to Stonehenge with my parents...
ID	3	@LittleMissHaya awekay kewl. thanx.
ID	3	@russellburnham  nice one
ID	3	He's a mess. But iLove him
ID	3	@marinasmom Yucky! We had our last soccer game of the season today...tryouts start Friday
ID	3	@Neekatron that sounds delicious
ID	2	I took a picture of me looking at my bottle of antibacterial. Wicked
ID	3	man i just made a fat ass buger mmmmmmmmm  taste so fuckin delicious i love food, i eat my feelings lol
ID	3	Season 2 of The Wire, done! Kinda weak compared to the first season but I expected that... Still good though  Season 3 here I come!
ID	2	@iRobC Well there's you, another Twiiter person...erm...difficult to say really...   Let's just say that you could fit all into a minibus!
ID	3	@justineville that's what i did with my other friends dati e. i could totally do that.  Lian, Eina, Gelli, you, Zero &amp; Francis. we'll fit!
ID	0	@allysonalfonso hahah lucky!! i have to wait 4 days! poop lol where abouts in the gold coast are you? (if u dnt mind me asking)
ID	1	@allysonalfonso hahah lucky!! i have to wait 4 days! poop lol where abouts in the gold coast are you? (if u dnt mind me asking)
ID	4	@ficklampa Hehe it's an option if the (advertising) world wasn't such a mess! So I might in future! We're on same time yes. Lget i dg?
ID	3	@JfB57 good morning
ID	2	YES. and then they should in non test conditions!
ID	3	@MariamUAE awesomeness
ID	3	It's so awesome to know that there are people who think I have what it takes to make it in Nashville, and who offer to help if I want it.
ID	3	@empresstrena have a nice time, with plenty of dreams
ID	2	@hellosascha I'm currently into Emarosa. Their new album is the shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit! Haha
ID	3	@Jonasbrothers The episode was AMAZING...I cried when I saw the home videos they were soooooo cute
ID	3	not at work today .i have my car back she is perfect  going random shopping later .
ID	3	I have Vampire Knight  music!!!  I feel very special..
ID	2	@BrianMcnugget 167 Brian 167 that's 1...6....7 followers count them and weep. And they ALL know who is the buzz champion by now
ID	2	@justlonely we all have our moments of intense genius...and power...and well, at times, sheer insanity  i need a sanity check!
ID	3	@Jadeyyg http://twitpic.com/4wrxq - whens your little gingg getting twitter ? from g + j
ID	3	@sookyeong u mean VIP this time ? coz of the KBS thingy ? haha..
ID	3	going to get waterguns from tesco today   haha.   its sunny.
ID	3	@sentimentalizzy lady in the water is pure bs, but i remember enjoying his other films.
ID	3	@alexwaddell I love Broughty Ferry
ID	3	Is having a BBQ today!
ID	3	And the Sun is shinning.........at last
ID	3	Oh p.s. Thank you so much for the flowers Mr.Akins your mamacita loves yoooou papa  Kevin is the best muuaah!
ID	3	Bumping dj opus in the drunk in the car.  lmao. Don't act like u don't know.
ID	2	Good Morning everybody and happy Mothers Day!!!!
ID	3	doing some DIY- I'm dying mg clothes black again...save some money
ID	3	Joel Mchale just made a Puyallup Fair reference on The Soup! I love this stuff. Snuggled in bed with my best girls
ID	2	@RichNeville well you scared me saying there may be rustling in the trees!  Happy Sunday to you sir
ID	3	she's smarter and classier. she's perfect for him. and, IM NOT.
ID	3	Tidied &amp; hoovered the whole flat - and all b4 10am today  Now we're heading out2 German bakery 4 breakfast followed by a walk in the park
ID	3	@musicalmover @shotbeak got my grubby paws on a live recording of paramore. you have to hear. its better than chocolate
ID	2	thanks 2 become my friend,twitter..  selalu ada ruang untuk sahabat
ID	3	Guten Morgen/ Good Morning/
ID	3	somebody smuggle me to sydney, i'll be your slave for eternity
ID	3	Had fun 2nite...i was pleasantly surprised
ID	3	Mcfly evolution for the 4th time round
ID	2	just got in from michaels and had some shreddies  im well tired, it was fun though ryan wright stoned = LOL
ID	3	just woke up...feelin a lil better  &lt;3
ID	3	I'm still at the mothers day lunch at my uncles house. Having a nice time!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4ws3m - I love family guy  2 hours of work to go..
ID	3	@camilleprats Happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	have you ever met a guy thatv was everything you want and need but you never really went for it w/ him ? g'nite Daddy
ID	3	@BlokesLib lmao you witty wacko...loves it
ID	4	@GabrielSaporta heard you slutted it up! I'm totally jealz~ I missed it. Maybe next time!
ID	3	@OJthekid LOL yeah ima mama  thanks. happy mama's day and lakers day! i love it!
ID	3	wishes Happy mother's day to all mothers!!!
ID	2	@arlocordova yes super lakas ng ulan. buti nalang i have a red bandana, body ko lang ang wet look  hahah!
ID	4	Stop Everything! Are YOU extremely UNCOOL &amp; I don't know? IDENTIFY yourself NOW! Don't be shy let me know so I can UNfollow! Thank you!x
ID	3	Out for ultimate training. looking forward to the sunset!
ID	3	@MandyPandy32 Thanks hon!! Project Bra starts today!
ID	3	@freekdp we will support you
ID	2	@Fitoria how's the translation going?
ID	3	My frist post... Off to find a new car for my parents, exciting!
ID	3	looks like yet another beautiful day in London
ID	3	@sweetlilmzmia Thanks for the song! Youre awesome.  I can sing along all day!
ID	3	can't be arsed to get out of bed  hello sunshine
ID	2	Just got back from a run &amp; I'm feeling grrrrrreeeeeaat!!!
ID	2	Beautiful sunshine when I woke up  but litterally 2 minutes later it starts to rain! I must be cursed.
ID	3	says Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there.
ID	2	@vennsoh Oh good, this thing is viral now
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL MOTHERS OUT THERE!!!
ID	3	@rushtoaugust @wonderchae @elyfont Happy mother's day to your moms.
ID	3	So drunk!  Love u guys!
ID	3	Peter, the bar owner is working his way up to 1000 beers-all Belgian. Has coffin for drinkers of Mort Subite
ID	3	@natsnapper Thanks   Our little girl just loves animals so all the 'oohs' and 'aahs' were very cute!
ID	3	Got me a dark red hair dye, going to get some bleach
ID	3	going to head to bed now finally...goodnight! Hopefully my dreams will consist of ravishing things, such as: Zachary Quinto.
ID	3	going to a garden centre today. should be funn :/ currently drinking egyptian spice tea and watching hollyoaks
ID	2	@DaveyJam live live or leaked live? If it's live properly I may just role outta bed and download it
ID	3	nothing is as lovely as rolling in after a long night with a boyfriend and a kitty
ID	4	i believe only my black personality can explain how i feel... that boyfrann of mines gots me sprung
ID	3	Is gonna go for a shower  goin to see hannah Montana laterz woo well excited
ID	3	@yaeljk NKOTB world is the best place to be
ID	3	@shiraabel going through your tweets right now, probably missed all the good ones in the last 4 hours
ID	2	Spend a great time with family and friends. Thanks you guys
ID	4	Really tired this sunday morning  xxx
ID	2	forgot the pin of my debit card. thank God the card still works after several attempts. just bought cake for sister's birthday. wheew!
ID	3	@jlamshed Not had an offer like that for a while
ID	3	@Jonas_babe woo! im getting mine on monday,cant wait  x
ID	3	@BB517 LOL...I think it's safe to say that we are not alone in our thinking!
ID	2	@iRobC It's a an MK mentality...I think
ID	3	Our God is an awesome God, He is a God of 2nd,30th,100th chances..I give Him ALL the glory for my 2nd chance at 'love'.. Am still stunned
ID	3	had a shitload of fun with her friends
ID	3	and Happy Mothers Day to All you Moms out there i hope you had a good day
ID	3	@kellydollyrot aww... my mom will appreciate it   Much the same to your familias! When do you leave for tour?
ID	3	@symphnysldr  you have every right to feel like a crazy fanboy! jason mraz and james morrison? the jealousy is tangible
ID	3	Cant stop playin' in my head  -- pussycat dolls jai ho ellen degeneres [HD] http://bit.ly/HxLfm
ID	2	@Alicat13 Looks like both to me Alison.
ID	3	Listening Maroon 5 .... &quot;Songs About Jane&quot; is one of my favourite albums in time
ID	2	@pcsketch Oh dear, it will be late there.... good ol Michigan!  Well I look forward to chatting with you when our wakeful hours overlap.
ID	3	@mitchalbom. very much enjoyed your &quot;whats in a name&quot; article
ID	3	@jacehall http://twitpic.com/4nbx4 - great photo! bravi! we are looking forward for the upcoming pilot in Italy too
ID	3	@morrick I'm feeling much less alone now in my love for Fitzcarraldo, most people I mention it to have no idea what I am talking about.
ID	3	just had cheese on toast with ham (: about to get ready to go to LONDON!
ID	3	@f_nadzirah thanks!
ID	2	@turohaapamaki suck it up
ID	3	lost HIATUS noooooooooooooooooo D: back to school tomorow. back in 10TY  (@NamastexD)
ID	3	@timz_twitz lol...hiiii yourself. Maybe lay off the patron and down a bottle of water!
ID	3	@twebbstack =O you need to ask him something? Lmao I love him too
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4ws8w - Look who I brought home
ID	2	is slowly crunching the reality that june is fast approaching. in other words, classes again, and another year will be added to my age.
ID	3	@firequinito From the champion team in the defunct MBA, Cebu Gems!
ID	3	watching run fat boy run...haha its soo funny.
ID	3	sooo pleased the sun is shining today! garden here I come
ID	2	In shower and getting ready after I come out!  Going Christening!
ID	3	@makikaysantos thanks love ) btw happy mother's day to your mom
ID	3	@onlyvicky Would you believe that I'm done with homework for the rest of my life?
ID	3	@Misstaken77 did you go out last night???? My Girls' Night In was fab, everyone made an effort dressing up
ID	3	@sarahfloss went with john grisham instead... she was very pleased &amp; never suspected a thing, lol. hope tomorrow is a better day for you
ID	3	@LiveJoy i love to read ur little quotes
ID	3	there is never anything on tv, on sundays. CAN'T WAIT for america
ID	3	@gentlerabbit Awesome!  I'm glad they didn't screw it up!  I'll let you know Monday where we are going to watch it.
ID	3	14 days until Boyzone
ID	3	is in a good mood
ID	3	Anyone else go train tripping on National Train Day?  http://tinyurl.com/p2l88x  Leave a comment of your adventures on the site.
ID	3	What a perfect sunday morning!! Sun is shining, i feel so good - time for a perfect breakfast !!
ID	3	@geehall1 LOL! I had a peek at http://geehall.blogspot.com it's coming along nicely  I totally understand about leaving the set quiet too.
ID	3	I just realised how much i love sundays
ID	3	@JasonBradbury YES! but keep them coming
ID	3	is going to the Derny race with Sofie &amp; Cindy.... And i'll see Eric there !
ID	3	@RWA88 Yay thanks  and awwh no you will feel grand soon  #TwitterTaleover
ID	2	@vonnvonn why thank you. Couldn't resist it
ID	3	@ddlovato I missed u. Stop defending urself. Your true fans are with u  U're the best. And for me u didn't change. -Ur biggest french fan!
ID	3	Loving Lego Indiana Jones. A game-researching aracheologist's dream
ID	3	Our kids are both in a Derbyshire schools string concert at the Buxton Opera House today. They're both quite excited
ID	3	@NovaWildstar  Damn right!
ID	3	OMG i'm so happy as now,thanks to Micheal Sheen (aka Aro)  i know that the photoshoot for the volturi has been done!!! happies!!
ID	3	@nicole_honey thank you  i have a business exam tomorrow too :/
ID	3	just joined twitter thanks to my M&amp;M!
ID	3	Reading my book in the sunshine, goona be a good day
ID	3	@bbrownnewcolleg congratulations!
ID	3	is relaxing after working on Mothers Day.  Oh well. A good day had.  Hope you are all well
ID	3	finally synced iPod
ID	2	@ilhongy if i can buy sleep for you, i will... that's what you need!
ID	2	back on the twit. much hw's to do... will post something interesting when i think of it
ID	3	Hello all... wishing all mothers a very happy mother's day today.. &amp; everyday... &amp; Happy Tweeting...
ID	3	catching up on my teevee shows.
ID	3	@affascinare hehee!! yea its supposed to sound mean.. hahhaa
ID	3	awesome milkshakes, i had areo mint,. we just blended it up, it was like a lumpy smoothie  so then we did some more chattering and ...
ID	3	@saltyshutter cool beans, yeah man - no prob at all
ID	2	Robbie Wadge where are you? Does anyone know Robbie? Calling Robbie!
ID	3	@britneyspears thanks for following me, hope all is well and cant wait to see you in australia when ya come.
ID	2	Indo Girl in Thai Traditional Clothes being object for tourist at Wat Arun
ID	3	@DougieMcfly Haha dude, we have the same b-date :p I'll wish u ur b-day the 3oth November. I'll also turn 16  Can u reply to me please ?
ID	3	Happy mother's day @mrskutcher
ID	3	@tkpleslie Have a friend that calls me &quot;Mother Earth&quot; when ever he seems me. Nurturing is second nature to some. (me) Have God Babies.
ID	3	Happy mothers day to all u milfs out there.
ID	3	@teamellyn sounds cool! Liverpool's ace, especially if you like the beatles cos there's museums and shops dedicated to them
ID	3	@JasonBradbury Not addicted, just sociable.
ID	3	@RODSMACK_10k much appreciated!  yeah, it sure is a challenge and a great reward. wouldn't trade it for anything.
ID	3	@novahalle i love everrything from breadtalk  i would eat the whole place if i could
ID	3	@bugmum oh and twas my very brilliant idea if I do say so myself  what can I say i'm an ideas woman
ID	3	Boarding the USS Enterprise.. Warp speed ahead!   #fb
ID	3	@victorglenn saw your pics, so awesome!
ID	3	@markng Sounds like a plan. Nice to see some positive thinking though rather than the usual &quot;media is dead&quot; tosh
ID	3	Happy mothers day mom  ?
ID	3	had nutella croissant+mango+melon+coffee and a lovely stalk of iris for breakfast in bed courtesy of N  Have the house to myself til noon
ID	3	@iamkhayyam Haha, i came home from a long night out, and all i saw on Tweetie was Khayyam Wakil. I usually don't announce and shit - LOL
ID	3	@fixxatedstar Aww, thank you Soulmate! Haha.
ID	4	@emilyhall92 awww bless him  i am indeed coming, 68 days woooo! are you?
ID	4	@shortword ah cool yeah i can see that . really handy thanks
ID	3	I like @catep36 already  (new follower to join in midst of zombies mayhem)
ID	0	@scarlethyacinth I'm working on a painting due for school and hating myself for sleeping all damn day and starting this so late.
ID	1	@scarlethyacinth I'm working on a painting due for school and hating myself for sleeping all damn day and starting this so late.
ID	3	@LittleFletcher hey ive seen the musical live its funny lol
ID	4	Gatorade first thing in the morning = yumyum  feeling shattered but must arise and revise for IT tomorrow.
ID	3	just came back home from NE gig, another fun night skankin...what a workout!
ID	3	Hi, i was just getting up now so i tought i could write something. Today i'm gonna go shopping! Soo fun, isn't it?
ID	3	@Sera030 heya  40 hour famine starts on may 22nd - are you gonna take part?
ID	0	is bored hehehe  i hate IPT
ID	1	is bored hehehe  i hate IPT
ID	3	happy mother's day to all mom's out there!!  we gave our mom a rose and we treat her to max's restaurant..how about yours?
ID	3	At the avenue, raining  so cool
ID	3	Lovely hubby has just spray tanned the back of my legs for me so hopefully won't look like an allsort for much longer!!
ID	3	@daveg38 You really are always dirty!!! Ha ha!!!! Do you have a sex addiction???
ID	3	Justin Timberlake, How You can easily become a reiki master?  at http://tinyurl.com/reiki88
ID	3	@wp101 Cheers! will do
ID	4	@Parsnipzilla ohtays, it all makes sense now... Cool
ID	4	need to push diet to last level. Not too good last week lost 1 lb. . Better than a gain
ID	3	@newtoid oh jealous. Though you're missing the fried potato bread
ID	3	@NovaWildstar Nothing of the sort! Nevertheless, I shall now go out and share my magnificence with the wider world!
ID	3	@LJsBaby Hahaha...gutted !! it's his birthday soon,so he'll have to wait until then. haha
ID	2	up odee early qot a call from some1 who I haven't heard from in a very lonq time
ID	2	Good morning Twitter!
ID	3	@sallyLFC I did my best, it is Sunday after all
ID	3	coraline was scary yesterday, didn't puke luckily.  ahaa. 1 week &amp; 1 day till i'm 14 baby
ID	3	@louiiseeeeee LMFAO. omgosh when i first heard that song with you,i felt like i was gonna pee myself, OMGOSH THE WALTZER MAN!  lol xoxo
ID	2	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO MY BEAUTIFUL MOMMIES
ID	3	Is A Very Happy Bee, She Is Starting To Feel Better, &amp; Cant Wait For Her Birthday, what is 23 days
ID	3	@BridgetSupple  you have been busy, have a lovely time
ID	3	@CassieScerbo: 'Bring it on: In it to win it' is the BEST movie ever!!  U are the best actress, singer, dancer and role model ever&lt;33 xoxo
ID	3	@SamBennington hey Samantha welcome  and happy mother's day!!
ID	2	@BrianMcnugget are you getting my messages or do you have to add me to recieve them, soz I'm new to this
ID	3	I feel better today.
ID	3	@mbrevoort Thanks - that works a treat  Need to post that xml really though - thinking about how to emulate rails' ActiveResource
ID	3	happy mother's day mom. love you always
ID	3	i definitely win at life
ID	3	Just got back from Kuantan Had sooooooo much FUN
ID	3	http://bit.ly/sJDLp  - Great Song! Cobra Starship Feat. Leighton Meester
ID	3	On our way to take photos at the park
ID	3	wooo am recovering from running race for life yest!!! i managed 36 mins 44secs, not bad for absolutley no trianing
ID	2	@londicreations  I don't mind whistlers if they are actually whistling a tune, but those who just whistle nothing drive me crazy!
ID	3	awake and ready to learn a little more
ID	3	bought awesome shooeessss
ID	3	band recommended by Steph --&gt; PARAMORE! who else? a great band, consists of-&gt;Hayley Williams,Josh Farro,Zac Farro,Jeremy Davis  best band!
ID	3	Is off to watch arsenal v chelsea today
ID	2	got a prerecorded phone call from JJ asking to vote for ADMK led front, phone number is +914044621160, hyderabad connections
ID	3	@paigeebaby  HAHAHAAH LAMO  thats so bad xDD i want my oneshot to go thurther hehe like ... BEDROOM xDD
ID	3	@JeffTracey forward to starting teaching new students all about hypnosis, will have plenty of laughs I'm sure
ID	3	ohi i would marry Travis Pastrana in a second... hes not that attractive, hes just the sweetest thing  and what he does is attractive ;)ha
ID	3	@bluevolvic  awesome   I'll have to keep a look out for it!
ID	3	@itslauraaa Yeah i like it
ID	3	@TaurinH I agree, it truly is the coolest/best thing I do everyday. I definitely wouldn't trade it for anything. Dads FTW!
ID	0	@Tory_x hah, well at least we are not saying; tory is a fatty watty
ID	1	@Tory_x hah, well at least we are not saying; tory is a fatty watty
ID	3	Just downloaded a podcast @ the bus stop
ID	3	Omg,... just had the best roast ever! but now im full haha,..
ID	3	happy mother's day
ID	2	@GabezRosales i'm still crossing my fingers for a fun group
ID	4	@queetsss thanks babe. I guess I will find the right person one day, til then I'm better off alone
ID	3	finally home!! tomorrow is day 2 of &quot;Amazing&quot;.
ID	0	this song is overplayed and i hate that but i don't care right now cuz i wanted to listen to it  ? http://blip.fm/~5z6n5
ID	1	this song is overplayed and i hate that but i don't care right now cuz i wanted to listen to it  ? http://blip.fm/~5z6n5
ID	3	@ddlovato : yaaay,  you're back .FINALLY!!! i love reading your tweets ;D. and you ;P
ID	3	@Moonchild66 I'm sure It will be repeated soon, seems to be on  TV quite a lot lately. Glad you mentioned it last night, watched it again
ID	3	@ichliebexdich  hhahaa!    its well strange just woke up to an empty house ahah  lolllllyyyyyyyy&lt;3 love that dog
ID	3	morning  football today! thinking of learning some Applescript
ID	3	@Serenity265 Thanks hun! Next time we'll all go again
ID	3	@SubClub I was, I took your advice and it was most enjoyable  I am too small to be out alone or I would've just come over lol
ID	3	@sharkara dunno. Maybe the flu. I feel a bitbetter now.
ID	2	Finally getting to bed! Night tweeples
ID	3	@azdog they already are in my books
ID	3	Off to the Dream World to battle the evil Spork Horde.  Later, folks.
ID	3	did some more work on Dig Dug. can get to level 16 without dying now  Mega Man tomorrow after work. Goal: 2 levels in 5 minutes
ID	3	shecky95 @renatak  Happy Moms Day to u as well and many more to come
ID	2	@fletcherxx maxxie and anwar. ep 5? i think. i am up to that one next.
ID	3	@Jamie_127 good morning  one m,ore day YAY! #TwitterTakeover
ID	3	yay playing scattegories and being random with Joel, May &amp; Sherman
ID	3	went to church with @JessAttack t'was different lol
ID	3	happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there
ID	2	@casual_intruder well said...please take him off my hands..i can't cope !!!! Set that fox on him
ID	3	Now I KNOW my shares are up...have 7 followers...wonderful!   The sun is now shining brightly in 'darkest Africa'...
ID	3	Driving fast is SO much fun. I went 80 in a 25. Hahaha. Goodnight!
ID	3	@clairemaxwell i know that feeling way too well - have a nice walk
ID	3	watching americas next top model yah haha
ID	3	..but did i mention spending time with two bffs .. Totally worth it
ID	3	@LondonW12 aww lovely pic
ID	3	Making a mix! 22 minutes so far, aiming for 30 minutes  loving it so far!!!  DJ Sugarfree
ID	3	Just had the best hot chocolate ever with chilli  On my way back to the UK now, I need my lovely bed....oh and a sunday roast mmmm.
ID	3	@wendy_fred6 It's REALLY cool! No, I'm on a PC now, I don't have a Mac  well I do but it's ooooooooold  I do have an iphone tho
ID	2	no food in fridge... time for grocery shopping... via internet!!  could get used to shopping like this.
ID	3	My phone is ultra fast now with all the latest firmware updates installed!
ID	3	had an amazing night with the girls
ID	3	left 'Naked' at @iarebinky on her little ass bed  even though my feet stll hurt my nite was made ;-)
ID	3	FacePanda is cool
ID	4	Oh, and I'm obviously back on my stupid sleep schedule. Luckily church isn't until 2 tomorrow.
ID	3	@Misstaken77 always good to polish off a few in the comfort of your own home  Nothing mischevious went down, just a fab night gossiping...
ID	3	Happy Mothers day to all the Mom's on there!!
ID	3	@yasminkol yea it looks good, the flower i mean.
ID	3	lookin forward to a lovely meal out for grandparents 75th at posh italian
ID	2	start again... so now theres 6 people coming with us when we go to melbourne...for short stack. originally 4. but still only 3 for ss
ID	2	@kamathvasanth: wait till the vacation ends! u shud be cycling a lot then!
ID	3	@caitiejayne ok sick which date suits u they are thursday night friday night and sat night i think laast 3 nights get in quick
ID	3	Heading to the office through a very quiet Stockholm, at least its not sunny
ID	3	#f1 soon  good luck brawn and mclaren fix up look sharp :p
ID	3	@Celebritymound peep this remix from &quot;The Wu Dynasty&quot; remix tape its delayed but this will give u a idea
ID	0	@jaulin Maybe you have, my memory sucks.
ID	1	@jaulin Maybe you have, my memory sucks.
ID	3	had the best weekend EVER  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
ID	0	@MandyBookLover Hi  Yes wasn't she absolutely terrible! How on earth does she hear a good tune from her ears? Lol
ID	1	@MandyBookLover Hi  Yes wasn't she absolutely terrible! How on earth does she hear a good tune from her ears? Lol
ID	3	@a_web_designer Lookin' good, mate
ID	2	Hey don't write yourself off yet. Little girl you're in the middle of the ride
ID	2	gonna go outside with my daddy... gonna take a ride with his new triumph!
ID	2	Listening to We Are Dead Ocean by @Draculatron. I actually listened twice in a row because it's so short and pleasing
ID	3	Listening to Mendelssohn - Italian Symphony.  Lovely.
ID	3	@LollyDaskal Notebook ...what a marvellous film
ID	3	You follow me , I follow you. As simple as that
ID	3	Lazy sunday is finally here
ID	3	@amandabynes heey  your awsome. god bless.
ID	3	@AmyMeredithband amy meredith has a soccer team? well i also have news about soccer. my team won aswell!!  xx
ID	2	@pcsketch There is a motorcycle for sale down the road. Mind you it'd be stupid of me to get it. Summer 5 months away.
ID	3	@SeanTheROBOT  Good Evening!~
ID	3	Yay Happy Mother's Day  #fb
ID	3	Heading of to the theatre! Having a show tonight, I'm so exited!
ID	0	http://twitpic.com/4wsjr - Leisure Bay beach  (I see the pic. wasn't uploaded last time, grrr!)
ID	1	http://twitpic.com/4wsjr - Leisure Bay beach  (I see the pic. wasn't uploaded last time, grrr!)
ID	3	@kaushal i am a bit more curious: how much did you pay for it?
ID	3	@Narelle_NZ busy,fun mother's day thanks  got what I wanted...a Wii Fit!!! Yay
ID	2	@Meshel_Laurie sorry to hear about a horrible weekend! It can only get better! Keep smiling.
ID	3	Awake. Husband snoring faintly by my side. So happy
ID	3	I have new slippers! They are piggys! So so cute and very warm
ID	3	Excited for Rove tonight! Jennifer Garner and Gina Riley!
ID	3	@laraslattery Lara, thank you so much 4 the #FF recommend!
ID	3	@mmmonkman Nice one. Hahaha  Thanks for last night &lt;3
ID	3	it's the last day  in lonesometown
ID	3	goes to church  hallelujah!
ID	3	@GoldenFish00 Thxx!! I was in the bathroom when you said it..
ID	3	@Susie_Nutbar Good morning  how are you? #TwitterTakeover
ID	3	@NinjaFanpire And the 1600th tweet goes to you because w/o you, I'd have no one to talk to at 3am in the morning! lol &lt;3
ID	3	ever been in a pointless argument with drunk mum, drunk nan and drunk mums bf while having dinner??? i have.... fun times all round  hahah
ID	2	@Hanster7705 yeah, it's tragic  i need a haircut
ID	2	I'm suffering from restless legs and butt syndrome.
ID	3	im home!  Dinner with mum was delicious and nice  had a good time. Happy Mothers Day to all mums
ID	3	omg! i luv u guys, thanks for keepin me entertained, and awake !  .... missinmydgbigtyme
ID	3	@SarahJacinta Thanks!
ID	2	right, caffeine levels topped up, few more hours revision then #f1 time  'mon the jenson.
ID	3	@mygirlhiro blogtv was fun! can't wait til next time
ID	3	&quot;I can givee you anything but lovee&quot; - Daniel Schuhmacher
ID	3	Beer pong  at 6am  with jess
ID	3	@LeMonjat Hehe, funny (the midget thing) ! Cheer up Alex, and wave from below  Is it that you are in Germany right now? .. or in Spain? ;D
ID	3	So so happy to be with @theblackqueen - she even makes doing laundry wonderful
ID	2	@MariahCarey
ID	3	@arjbarker I am so excited you're touring with FOTC! I had no idea!! I'll be seeing you tomorrow
ID	4	I am the empitome of epic fail, just you know, more epic than fail.
ID	3	had a good day driving up mountains, visiting katie, eating chips &amp; fudge and stocking up on lovely smelling soaps
ID	3	@vene2ia Yvonne, thanks 4 the #FFrecommend! Lovely profile photo, you have! And I agree w/u on the &quot;what is sleep?&quot;  LOL! It's 5:46 am!
ID	3	Saw the new Star Trek movie yesterday 'twas  very good. Having a quiet day today - off to the gym then for lunch
ID	3	@MileyCyrusRox25 iam eating pizza, want some??? haha..
ID	3	Two days in country victoria and my stress is gone! I think I left her there to fend for herself
ID	3	@mikealeonetti Thank you!
ID	2	home after spending a day catching up with my old pals
ID	3	@fnyc At least you're getting closer to normal bedtime. Enjoy your trip. Keep us updated. Sweet dreams
ID	2	@Scarfresh i want u to know i don't like u hun  j/p u know we go back
ID	2	@Dina_Vinson no need to worry. I'll be by your side
ID	3	@Meshel_Laurie Your father is a lucky man! He sounds like a fighter
ID	2	@Meech13 oh i love sunday mornings like this - mum just made scrambled eggs on toast
ID	3	Dinner with the family. Watching wild child in the car
ID	3	I'm feeling higher than Mt Everest
ID	2	Getting my shit together then leaving work and going to bed
ID	2	has plopped TWICE! TWICE!  http://plurk.com/p/svs0y
ID	3	@masterballerina yeah, it's all teased up into this boofy bit...i'm buying red hair extensions btw
ID	2	@alexa_chung oh get well soon Alexa, take some rest
ID	3	Shhhweeeet-jay-z, bros back from from prom
ID	3	morrrning! the last day of a random but awesome weekend, gonna round it off in dbar style!  good timezzz.
ID	2	Orange vitamin water 10 is my new addiction  U should try it.
ID	4	just had the most emo moment too many tears love my family and sorors
ID	3	@furlongthedog Welcome to Twitter  I hoped it wouldn't be long before you saw the light and joined us!
ID	3	enjoying the sun with daddy, learning for englisch exam, watching gilmore girls
ID	3	At home about to go to sleep! Goodnight twitter world!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day.....................I had a gr8 day with my kids &amp; my MUM
ID	3	Basically I've listened to Miley Cyrus for fourteen hours now, and I love it.
ID	3	Love &quot;good girls go bad&quot;
ID	3	@paula_mcfly Haha! Yeah, I heard they that Leicester won  I was home by my self, with a movie, some candy and a pizza.. ! Amazing evening
ID	3	it's good to see all my family  was a good day today
ID	3	hi to all twit friends  happy mother's day to all the beautiful and amazing mothers out there
ID	2	just chilling out in my room on the computer
ID	3	Packing up for the trip to Ascari track, thank you Bacardi
ID	3	@CocoFontana I'll have to watch it soon then!  An I love, New York? Sweet! I'll be on the lookout for that.
ID	0	@TheTAZZone That's what I like to hear. I am unabashedly not cool. That's what makes me so cool byw  #logic
ID	1	@TheTAZZone That's what I like to hear. I am unabashedly not cool. That's what makes me so cool byw  #logic
ID	3	Watched GossiP.Girl. Dan's so funny, haha.
ID	3	Good morning
ID	3	@Ste1987 relax, relax and relax a bit more  bbq today maybe? How about you?
ID	0	@gailtwist I hate doing em, but get dragged here by @emzmum... at least it's a beautiful day
ID	1	@gailtwist I hate doing em, but get dragged here by @emzmum... at least it's a beautiful day
ID	3	is celebrating her 21st birthday
ID	3	@Dr_Jared you guys can match... cute!  PS when are you visiting LA?!
ID	3	@MandyBookLover Yes so did I  Some of the Acts are really very cringe worthy! Though I do find it very entertaining.
ID	3	@NinjaFanpire Anytime! I'm off ~ I can't match your stamina... my nice, warm, comfy bed is calling (screaming) my name...lol Night Ninja!
ID	3	i like this new trend ,  who's next ? http://tinyurl.com/qcy8d4
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day
ID	3	going to bed happy mothers day people
ID	3	@heycassadee I can't wait to see yall Friday !!!! I hope I meet u guys!! That would make the night even better
ID	2	Sunrise by Blvd East is awesome. Now to get some sleep. YAY!!
ID	3	@AgonisingNewt morning Newt...hope you are well!
ID	3	@Franner_tastic Awww that is sweet
ID	3	@fawcett94 - I'm not letting Reach sink. Thats for sure. I'm still presenting and joint HON! Owens Mon 8pm-10pm &amp; I'm Sat 2pm-4pm
ID	2	Great day. And another one awaits
ID	3	It's sunny and I feel really well today!  Yippeee!
ID	2	...and a big bag to take up as well as a rain coat. This is the bad part about having to places to live  Twitter Later  xxx
ID	3	@IntelliCAD Perfect! Thank you.  &lt;3&lt;3
ID	3	Good morning!! Gonna clean the house a bit, then maybe clean some more, then do nothing for the rest of the day
ID	3	is chillin' with my hangover, hollyoaks and a plate of chips....sunday mornings
ID	3	Good morning everyone
ID	3	@michaelmeloni Yes! Join us! All we require is a cupcake donation...
ID	2	@monabarry Ohhhh! Ok! thought that I was going nuts!! Maybe they will pass through here on the way back!
ID	3	@JasonBradbury nice on the jet ski testing! Hope the book is going well. Cheers for adding me, got twitter after watching the gadget show
ID	2	@MrTomHill Thank a yoou  how are you? #TwitterTakeover
ID	0	discovered cause of a bug in the new #NetPLAYER 4 build. Publishing bug fix now, hopefully new beta by tomorrow
ID	1	discovered cause of a bug in the new #NetPLAYER 4 build. Publishing bug fix now, hopefully new beta by tomorrow
ID	3	Listening to Weightless by All Time Low. Thanks to @Katarinahj for making me listening to it!
ID	0	So over it!
ID	1	So over it!
ID	4	@V_KONG Record Grand Prix to skip through later, watch Man U game, Radio 1 .... well sport comes first
ID	3	just gott home from work and now relaxing
ID	3	@Mrsdaughtry Happy Mothers Day!
ID	3	finally made it to the QC...happy mother's day!  got my car!!
ID	3	@BlokesLib lol trying to take after her old man eh? Good for her! hehehe very cute!
ID	3	sunnn finnalllyyy!!  aint slept :| need some sleep
ID	4	@Nicsey Snap! I know that feeling well
ID	2	spending more money on trademe, hope i got a bargain
ID	3	@strandell that was several days ago! it was great though
ID	3	@BrianMcnugget I was sleep for all that and missed the fun! Hey DG.  lets play another gammme brian
ID	3	preparing to visit a friend  And we're gonna watch Twilight! Yay!
ID	3	is really enjoying my weekend soooo much  hope u all are .
ID	3	@NajiahYahya YEAY!. haha. thank you so much jiah
ID	3	@hl2run Anyone with big fingers  But I've loved it...
ID	2	@jonathanlerwill do you want to do my laundry as well?
ID	3	morrisons here i come!
ID	3	I'm so pleased with myself. I actually managed to run the whole 4km mothers day classic without stopping
ID	3	Just Chilling after MCFLY last night! ABSOULUTELY INCREDIBLE! =D i love them!
ID	3	@SongBuildersUK wow is a good idea... but the b-day was yesterday and I already took him a present! Thank you anyway!!!
ID	3	http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
ID	0	@jlamshed You're sending tweets to yourself again!
ID	1	@jlamshed You're sending tweets to yourself again!
ID	3	@pntbtrkisses LMAO...but you'll still have me! I am thoroughly enjoying our conversation
ID	3	I'm really full. Had a HUGE breakfast.
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4wsst - one of my models from a photo shoot.  stacey
ID	3	has just joined the twitter community
ID	2	@squaringkarma thanks
ID	3	#SanctuarySunday awesome news about the Leo Awards for Sanctuary, looks like they got 4 out of the 10 they were nomintated for, not bad!
ID	3	@MariahCarey I'd say it a million plus plus plus times !!! I love you and appreciate you I'd choose your happieness over album any day
ID	2	Remmber time crisis ? Try it on the #iPhone
ID	3	just had the first lie-in in months  it was great. now for mooching about the house
ID	3	@rachelongkili a walk in the clouds; sweet november; lake house.
ID	3	can't wait to make that call tomorrow. gotta keep moving forward!
ID	3	@hypnophil  it's looking bright, so I think the sun will put in an appearance, and then guess what - lawn wants cutting !!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wssx - Don't be cross. Just jamming.  X
ID	3	@ThetaHealerMaya u're welcome...thank YOU for sharing such excellent content
ID	3	@AmazingPhil How BOut What Your Doing Now, or what you gonna do today  lol
ID	2	mothers day today      school tomorrow and a full week of National Testing
ID	3	really want to see JB3D.. cant wait for thursday
ID	3	@RocknRollQueene @Loretta_aston Welcome to Twitter! Let me know if you have any questions, would love to help.
ID	3	aw taxi man is going fast just for meee
ID	3	I love how simple my Safari toolbar is!  http://twitpic.com/4wssc/full
ID	3	@ruthieor THANKS!
ID	3	As of today, @Peek_a_Bo0 and I have been going out for two years. Best two years ever
ID	3	Enjoying my Mommy Day!!!!
ID	3	watching finding nemo with my nephew so cute!
ID	2	@gabexmosh &quot;with done&quot;?
ID	2	Njoying sunday @netrockers plce and learning abt more in joomla
ID	3	@PerezHilton you look smashing darling  is trent reznor really getting married i just want to rip out mariqueen's fake boob's -_-
ID	3	Happy Mommy's Day to all the mothers in the world!
ID	0	@UniqueGuitarist Had parent teacher thing yesterday!! So boring going to skl on saturday!!  lol
ID	1	@UniqueGuitarist Had parent teacher thing yesterday!! So boring going to skl on saturday!!  lol
ID	3	@kymdotcom in anticipation of him making me a cup of tea, I'm agreeing. Now it must happen!  No, he is awesome.
ID	3	is up for lots of revision today and then out toniight
ID	3	@megatronnn Drinking alone after working til 10 PM can be relaxing, or made better by adding one fun person to laugh with.
ID	3	@MyAppleStuff oh he is so cute... is he in uniteddogs.com? Poppy is there
ID	2	@F1TailPipe_com Thanks
ID	3	@redheadlori Happy Mothers Day!
ID	2	@lewisking don't you procrastinate!   (like I do...)
ID	3	uploading photos to myspace from musical i was just in
ID	3	@officialTila tilaaa just make you feel so special  haha haters now days
ID	3	Weetabix and Choco milk  Yum!
ID	3	Jogged in the forest with Nina. Heavy wind reminded I need to set up some turbines: free electricity.
ID	3	@jenifel Aww thanks! I am indeed graduating on Friday. Just 4 finals stand between me and freedom...or Teach for America and law school
ID	3	Pegel..cape ya keliling kuil..but,totally awesome!was amazed by the temple,culture,ambience..truly amazing thailand
ID	3	Finally home after a big of travelling!! ahhhhhh now time to realx!!
ID	2	@gfalcone601 dont you think this tour went fast? i do
ID	3	Toast in the morning
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers...time for me to hit the hay! much love my tweeps!
ID	2	@LLC1983 Thanks
ID	2	iono...I guess I'm getting off now. L8r twits
ID	3	so this my last week of school then finals yesss
ID	2	@jbaldwin Perfect. Thank you. Enjoy your sunday of no work
ID	3	like your first broadcast @supitsemily
ID	3	@mileycyrus i think it's fun, you gotta hide, and defend from your enemy, fun huh?
ID	2	@kazzababe95 cut yourself a slice of cheese cake.. it makes everything better
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day to all the mommy's out there!
ID	3	@jonbongato haha it will be interesting haha
ID	3	The sun is attempting to increase her efforts. Alas the same cannot be said for me. I see a bath, a couch &amp; a book in my immediate future
ID	3	Hmm... It's my birthday tomorrow... Fun!
ID	3	@Ganga108 my pleasure, its a great recipe
ID	3	@McGiff Thanks for sharing that
ID	3	Woo hoo.  Sun outside might be able to get some sunset shots tonight...  fingers crossed!!!!
ID	3	@sexysapphire Thanks, I love it
ID	3	It's raining cats and dogs in Gda?sk today , looks nice 'though through a window
ID	3	@kiwi_from_hell @sporkess how's monday for you?
ID	3	@purdyboy thank you! i was just playing that a moment ago, actually! a very different, even more chill version.  *spooky*! haha.
ID	3	@kjarrett Thanks for tweeting a very useful set of refs - I'm in the middle of adding them to a chapter I'm editing
ID	3	Awesome beer pong party at my house in the yard tonight  going in when the sun is rising is officially B.A.
ID	3	In about 2 hours from now i will find out how good the STAR TREK Film from J.J. really is. A Ticket costs 9 Euro and i hope its worth it
ID	3	my first moms day as a mom  now im off to long island to see my mommy  &lt;33 HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
ID	3	Buongiorno !!! woke up and of for my Italian lunch
ID	3	@rbtlshow really enjoyed the podcast with @jasonsantamaria This was my 1st time listenening to the show. Will def listen from now on
ID	3	Enjoying &quot;Gears of War&quot; on my PC ! This game is really gooooood
ID	2	Good night all... Just set this twitter thing up. I'm very new at this, but I expect it to come in handy.
ID	3	Kyneton for breakfast this morning at Slow Living. Noice. Such a beautiful sunny autumn day  Drove back to Melb via Daylesford
ID	3	Mother's Day breakfast is over, getting back to work now. Back on Rails
ID	3	Hour til lunch, can't wait. Ima go to Mcd's
ID	4	Hot showers make everything better  all i need is sumbody to tuck me in. . ugh miss my gramma
ID	3	@nick_ebru thank you for the link...very cool...see you on monday!!!
ID	3	OMG I FINISHED MY HISTORY CHILDRENS BOOK!!!! JUST NEED 2 MAKE IT PRETTY AND PRINT IT OFF AND IM DONE!!! WHOO!!!
ID	2	On another note, geoDefense Easy down. Onwards to the medium maps, where a whole other world of pain awaits my exploration!
ID	2	hoping to hear from you all soon
ID	0	@LisaHopeCyrus sry twitterfon is kinda shit i will stay at tweetie  this world is so unfair you always have to pay for good stuff :/
ID	1	@LisaHopeCyrus sry twitterfon is kinda shit i will stay at tweetie  this world is so unfair you always have to pay for good stuff :/
ID	3	enjoyed yesterday Star Trek. Awesome movie! With great actors - I prefer Karl Urban as Dr. Leonard &quot;Bones&quot; McCoy  Live long and prosper!!
ID	3	@dorothyjburt very well, nothing flash - but different to chocolate 4 a change. good 2 meet U yesterday  gr8 atmosphere &amp; discussion
ID	3	aww @skyelikeupthere you loooove me
ID	3	@Joshwaleigh    i did on my walk home. it looks amazing
ID	3	I love my mom we are going to greece this summer
ID	3	@cssglobe thanks Alen, it seems that we can only submit community news, is this an error, or must we prove ourselves
ID	3	@monabarry yeah whatever, so that means he was chatting about me all night then, lol
ID	3	2 dates to go and i'm done booking this first tour  anyone wanna help me find shows in and around NYC? June 2 and June 4?   Thanks!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day @shannon180
ID	3	Good morning!! It's 12:00, I think it's time for breakfast!!
ID	3	@aditya page genny to rescue you
ID	3	@StevieWynn good morning. How is my favourite pcso today?
ID	4	Went shopping for sports tour yesterday with Garley... very very very funny!! Now I need some brunch  And a shower.
ID	2	@Peddlee Haha... How could u? dun eat properly rt? see lar~ Go take medicine
ID	2	@mellalicious fey slays it in #30rock but title of that film sounds bad  #Inbruges is a funny indie little euro city hitman gone bad tale!
ID	2	@Elliecopter_ rofl im glad! haha yeah me tew! but usually i get up at the same time and just spend more time on twitter! tehehe!
ID	3	@elijahr26 Hey thanks for following  Love the name Elijah thats what im going to name my Son
ID	3	[Sarah Mcglaclan song in background] Please donate to jpnnbak' fund of &quot;Dinero for the cable bill&quot; think of how you will make her
ID	0	watching M eat a hotdog...gross.. he's so drunk and annoying.. trying really hard not to glre @ him
ID	1	watching M eat a hotdog...gross.. he's so drunk and annoying.. trying really hard not to glre @ him
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wsy6 - Beauty.  Going out now!
ID	0	hates samanthas guts
ID	1	hates samanthas guts
ID	3	First sleep then spending the day with mom since it's mothers day and all. There might even be Chinese.
ID	3	is back...been feeling ill and extremely busy all week. happy mother's day, to all you mama's out there
ID	3	Lady Gaga - Poker face (acoustic)  is really really good, she really can sing
ID	3	Exchange story gone, yaaaay! On with Sweet Charity
ID	3	Had a good time out , now I must sleep lol. Gym &amp; dance rehearsals in like 5 hours,
ID	3	@mattcampagna You know, your updates are really amusing.  How was the prop auction?How much did that baseship bed go for?
ID	3	had a nice brunch by the bay.. Thank God for Mommies!
ID	4	simple greetings from unexpected people can actually lighten our mood, doesn't it ever happen to you?
ID	3	@GayAdoptionDad please do  I'll settle for cheap cider for meeting deadline. Have you seen our new blog at www.havealovelytime.com?
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all Mothers out there
ID	2	still up, JUST GOT HOME.  ready to go to sleep..
ID	3	@GGEastLDN im cool  cant wait to hear these stories xoxo
ID	3	Good morning all! Its a fabulous morning here!
ID	3	going to eat some pasta bake, my favourite food! later going to the flea market @jadirox you're my lilime
ID	2	@josepicardo Ahh okay makes sense to start the preparations now then
ID	3	@sassij That's good to hear - morning
ID	2	I'm not! They frighten me to death............I just like to see all the boys in their leathers!  ;) We go every year. Brilliant atmos!
ID	3	time to do some revision while listening to @direngrey albums non-stop all day, again!
ID	3	my mum was really happy about her pretty small present^^ oh wow tomorrow we can test one of her presents: one of the pasta recepies
ID	3	Surveying my NEW LAWN from the upstairs window!
ID	3	going to watch a dvd with hubby,'Eagle Eye', twit u all 2morrow, cia
ID	3	@LittleFletcher I saw the play of it here, it was amazing
ID	3	2 days till birthday! I just hope the weathers good!! And it best be good on thursday and friday! Otherwise il scream! happy b'day keiron
ID	3	Singing along to MyChem.
ID	3	@JennaIsWriting You've got a deal!
ID	2	@SaliWho morrissey will cure you  I am jealous. but not in a slash your tyres way just in a hope you enjoy it wish I cuold go way
ID	4	Has finally found her new flat.
ID	3	@b50 heheh ....qualifying was pretty exciting tho  ..
ID	3	is Chillin', listening to Tunes
ID	3	@amyserrata in the sun and changing my default icon just for you  what're your plans?
ID	3	Hanging out at cousin's house, getting a manicure and pedicure.  Then off for some beauty sleep...
ID	3	http://skipall.com/8p.png  The come apart easy enough
ID	3	@pinkbunny69 o i c. i have no excuses i just love bein comfy
ID	3	Went on a short flight around the Geelong waterfront.  Surprised at how well I handled it, as I'm still exhausted from last weeks meetup
ID	3	@KimmiMcFly i think it starts at  7.30 with that david archuleta  i might just throw glitter all over myself aha xx
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4qfl3 - haha^^ I love it
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day. Havent got mom a present yet? Print off an Amazon Gift Card for her!  http://snipurl.com/hq0n1
ID	3	@HairBoutique Thanks, btw which men's hairstyles are in right now? I'm growing my hair long  anyway hope you are having a good weekend!
ID	3	haha gunna go buy a whole bunch of emo/punk clothes
ID	3	@SabrinaNorris they were lushh wernt they, i managed to keep up to lol aww they were amazing  xxx
ID	4	nothings really going *well*...however currently theres nothing else to look forward to so may aswel make the best of it
ID	3	I meditate, I feel I am vast, very vast.  do you know it?what do you think about?
ID	3	@alucinari Moral support for students
ID	4	@ezrabutler - they have their headaches the morning after, instead!
ID	3	learning to play guitar is one of the best things I have done out of boredom
ID	3	@lorilooker oii oiii  hope the run goes/went well (whenever you get this message!) love youuuuu ?
ID	3	@xXFriendXx That is amazing she will be happy with it enjoy your sunday  XX
ID	3	Hope all the mums out there had a wonderful day    my kids know me, I got a game for my DS and weights for my wii fit... woo hooo
ID	3	Wake up x.x But tired. On this moment i listing some music for make me happy and let me wake up
ID	3	busy exam week coming up! always look on the bright side of life  *whistle*
ID	3	@rssanborn true, depends on the couple  Personally we've found adding more has increased the fun &amp; increased our bond
ID	3	marko got in a fight outside the roseland tonight.. it was rather entertaining!
ID	3	ahhhaaaaa is gunna get straight back on it!
ID	3	@skdev I left that for people to complete
ID	3	flu or allergy??? ... Doesn't matter, just try to squeeze my Sundayyyy
ID	3	Is listening to Prima j - rockstar so dang catchyy
ID	2	Here's a brief preview: http://bit.ly/eHCfP   OMG James is creepy in that role! I'm scared of him
ID	3	Picked up a Jesse Lacey/Kevin Devine/Grace Read bootleg off the net from their acoustic tour, it's really good
ID	4	even when we're miles and miles apart; you're still holding all of my heart    4 days until jonas brothers 3d concert experience w/candice
ID	3	@RollinsWallace hahaha, as cartoon mascots go, the virl.com monster has some very nice details... a good shadow + realistic tonsils.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day Mommies
ID	3	@miraihl Sounds like you're in for a great day!  Enjoy
ID	3	@MariahCarey u go Mariah,never listen to the haters  I have been a fan for so long and am so grateful for ur music. Can't wait 4 the album
ID	3	off to westend now, enjoying the sun.
ID	2	@zuzu I didn't get a lot of sleep myself last night. And it is a good thing, reading
ID	2	http://twitpic.com/4wsue - yeah  well thanks *blushes*
ID	3	Good morning Tweeple of the sun! What you all up to?
ID	3	happy mothers day to all the yummy mummies on twitter
ID	3	@DebbieFletcher Nice Mothersday! *gives you a viritual chocolate
ID	3	OK. Done with Sunday morning findings. Time to enjoy the sunny day
ID	3	Sitting on my sunny balcony and learning for the Dutch exam
ID	2	I feel rather cheery, despite being stuck indoors all day revising
ID	3	Up at 6am on Sunday... Going to meet my mom for breakfast at the beach!
ID	3	@TheSimsHub I'm going to kill the person who should have went down to Manchester for me.  (only kidding; don't want the police on my door)
ID	3	@Orli @Snapily you are now famous in Houston, take a look  http://is.gd/ysAh
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	Good Morning Everyone
ID	3	Loves random acts of kindness and laughter
ID	4	2 days after #all4web ...i'm still tired
ID	3	Enjoyed the new Star Trek movie last night.  I want to see it again!    Up and ready to work... on SUNDAY!  BLAH!
ID	2	happy birthday great-grandmother  ../././. bad news on a good day &gt;&lt; but ame is living
ID	2	Feeling the effects of the party last night. Drank far too much. 2 chicken burgers and one lamb burger. I did dance a fair bit tho.
ID	3	I will surely vote for @AllisonOfficial.
ID	2	I loveeee NY! Getting breakfast then gonna go mimis I'm sooo tiredddd! missing him ODeeee! Love you
ID	3	Senior ball was hella fun!!!  good night!!!
ID	3	Happy Mother's day !!!! Show some love to your Beautiful and Amazing Mom!!  &lt;3
ID	2	http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
ID	3	@danielradcliffe Nice to see you tweeting!  It's Sunday 10th May and we're celebrating Mother's Day here today. So be nice to yer Mom
ID	3	Just got home from another wonderful night
ID	3	@devyra haha i love both of them too  hmm.. lol i'm in need of some good bands too
ID	3	@NYBabe No ways. If you can nab a youngster, go for it! My best friend swears by younger men - apparantly they can go for longer too!
ID	3	just made a South-Korean email pal. Happy!
ID	3	Happy mother's day to all moms!
ID	3	@melissagreen http://twitpic.com/4wsk3 - too cute
ID	3	@dannymasterson the honesty's to much...........  Sorry couldn't resist;)
ID	2	@inesthefreak - Wtf Polyvore? what's that?  enjoy it though.
ID	3	@stephaniepratt I Love This Song lol, You're amazing Steph , xoxo
ID	3	Nighty night, ya'll!    Tweet Dreams!
ID	3	@snarkattack kicking it incredibly old-school I whole-heartedly approved
ID	4	@MiaLotta why do u feel shit? Nerves? I tripped over that plastic telescope at 6:40 am yesty, I fell into the wall my head still hurts
ID	2	@McFlyingGirl omg i had that book its soo funny
ID	3	I am sooooo happy! Finally, Kean Cipriano replied to my chat messages. I hope he's not fake.
ID	3	Good Morning! Looking Forward To Listening To THE PRODIGY On Radio 1 Big Weekend.  Brought Their Album Yesterday!! =P AMAIZE Tbqh. x
ID	4	Forgive me good lord for this time I /knew/ wat am I doing.. Except the mighty oracle just didn't *&amp;@#ing care to fully support UnixODBC.
ID	0	@chocoshabi I'm going to ask Waldi. I hope he makes a new keyword for me
ID	1	@chocoshabi I'm going to ask Waldi. I hope he makes a new keyword for me
ID	3	good morning  finally a day of sunshine for my summer hol!  away to watch the footie in the sun  x
ID	3	in Singapore! its so warm over here! Having a blast already
ID	3	Star Trek.. Did not disappoint!  5 star!!
ID	3	changed my picture on my profile in friendster
ID	3	Hello everyone im just sitting here rocking out to 9412 sam on the air The best classic rock station on twitter here
ID	3	is wishing all of the mother's out there a very Happy Mother's Day!! Love ya!
ID	3	@BurT_E  It's an honour being your friend!!!! http://bit.ly/LhgZ2
ID	3	@LeoWolfe Haha! Night man, and no, but Im sure I'll meet her again in my lifetime, in fact I will...no doubt about it.
ID	3	ok all, bedtime for this bonzo! i just got done with my math homework and my brain is done for the day. Nite nite  have a great day!
ID	3	support @jessicastrust trust and honor all your moms!  support #matternal health. happy moms day:  http://bit.ly/Bpekk
ID	3	Just like the old days  drinkin at the old spot .
ID	3	@cydonian why? i enjoy fancy meals on my own smtimes, thr's joy in solitude, u can REALLY enjoy the food &amp; it's lk a date with the world
ID	3	hmmm dollhouse sounds pretty good, http://bit.ly/z3aZv  i think ima download it and try watching it
ID	2	@Santbrink boffert
ID	3	@davidarchie needs to make plans to come back to uk! yest he made my year  love him xo
ID	3	happy momma day to myself and all my other beautiful moms out there!cant wait to get pampered tomorrow
ID	3	@beautyholic woohoooo ;) to BOTH! retail therapy and surprise visits  two things i love.
ID	2	Listening to have heart. Aka i took over carlys last.fm      its 4am need to be up in 4 hours.  Looooong day tomorrow
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wt8a - pretty damn good friday night
ID	2	a pink balloon for mum on her day
ID	2	Hey Stu did you see the cool 'family' picture on Jess' facebook?  Soo good to see You All
ID	4	Today I'm lonley girl with a guitar
ID	3	Just got home from another amazing night
ID	3	last sunday before going home!
ID	3	Gloomy day can't stop my bliss.  I hope Ronaldo will score in derby match today.
ID	3	@wow_its_sarah Congrats Sarah!!!!! thats awsum
ID	3	YES! getting my sky + back on wednesday  been waiting weeks for it (:
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL MOTHERS!
ID	3	ok peeps have good morning I'm going to bed   @ClickedApps hit me up later
ID	2	sandwichesss, then work
ID	3	wow the weather is amazing today!
ID	3	@11hunabku11 Swine Flu victims unite  http://oinkflu.info
ID	3	@dahntay OMG that dunk on Dampier was MASSIVE! Big ups!!! Love it...
ID	2	Training #Stud-Life: A fost Tiberiu Lovin la noi. Am aflat ca sunt imbecili peste tot. FUN
ID	2	Hats off to a slightly unexpected yet very successful end to a grouling day!!! Night all
ID	3	auntiegail says 'Today I am picking up the hi-vis vests for the kids they say 'Auntie Gails Childminding Service'  xxx.'
ID	2	@damohopo I didn't headbutt anyone! Not that I know about anyway! ;) You ok today?  Football today?
ID	3	partying in the study room
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the Mom's out there, but especially to my wonderfuly Mommy
ID	3	happy maders day
ID	2	i thought spock's vulcan sign looked a bit weird - turns out zachary quinto couldn't do it so he had his hands glued. but he's still hot
ID	3	@junebugshhh life is funny and ironic at the same time isn't it?
ID	2	@zoziekins ACSM. it's unfathomable.  i think the other one .. and the .. is one that should be kept to the comfort of our bedrooms. yes?
ID	3	@MCsavedmylife thank you, your dedication as a lamb is unparalleled also, all true lambs dedication is unparalleled
ID	3	On the way to see my grandparents
ID	3	@RobM67 I just retweeted your jesus post as it made me laugh... don't worry, wasn't a subliminal code
ID	3	Just taking my dad in law for a Sunday stroll down Old Leigh  a beautiful morning, say Hi to Morris LOL  http://twitpic.com/4wt8k
ID	3	Hurray for old friends with beer and lady friends!!!!
ID	3	hope schools gonna be good tomorrow
ID	3	@MacQuid We travelled the world &amp; I grew up on a diet of everything you can think of! Still, my Genoese grandma made her own pasta....
ID	3	@BrookeAmanda YEP  it'll be awesome to the max =] haha
ID	3	Digging a downloaded film with mi familia. We love iTunes
ID	2	@tommcfly but it all went too quick and there wasn't a chance lol
ID	2	Yang4 - finally got it  Chinese is hard when every other kid has a Zhonguoren adult at home! We're all foreign devils here ;)
ID	3	Went to a Muslim marriage for the first time in my life. Came back with my stomach full of tasty briyani. Really like it very much.
ID	4	@sassij Or he's gonna chop you up into tiny bits - one of the two
ID	3	@mrated Yeehah, quality
ID	3	finishing off a quick magazine article for CAP, can't wait to get it done and get back to the book
ID	3	@JasonBradbury What brings you to our fair Island today?
ID	3	@joshboulton  I should be doing history.....
ID	3	@paigeebaby hahahah lols you have fun with that aye  i had the div too ) the experience but i love my spongebob ) (L)
ID	3	your the voice i hear inside my head, the reason that i'm singing, i gotta find you, i need to find you
ID	3	Hey, hey, happy mother's day!  http://plurk.com/p/svwii
ID	3	@fredrikth Hi, there you are! Rise and shine. Yes, I did. Pretty early for the last nights hours  But I slept like a baby though ...
ID	3	had an awesome time with @spotspot85 and @xerovoltage
ID	2	Just got back from AC. Why am I not freaking out of the midyr exam ? :o HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY, MUMMY
ID	3	Yummy, 2 tacos at Jack In the Box
ID	3	@quicheismadness  thanks for following!  pretty complicated id you have there lol
ID	3	Great exercise for a Sunday morning: &quot;stopping the wheel of karma&quot; (R.A.W.) and transforming negativity into love... Life!
ID	3	@howie_d  I'm really happy for u n leigh  thnx for sharing this happiness with us, this means the world to us all!  love ya! Marta
ID	3	Mom ur the greatest.. HMD
ID	2	Woke up at 5am. Cleaned camera gear from last nights wedding. Should really go back to sleep, but kids awake.
ID	3	Up,dressed, and out the house for 11 am on a Sunday. Off to see the fishy fishys
ID	3	@unahealy Brent Cross? wow! I live very close from there!
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day!!
ID	3	@skeetonmytwitts its slimy but its fun
ID	3	I am currently doing a few posts on my business blog http://venturefile.com  check it out if you like it
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day
ID	3	@dashkaaa we always miss each other, don't we?
ID	3	@kyoisorange ok ermm I'll meet you in the gym at half four then
ID	3	@jmlares ...actually find something they'll like. it's easy to get a good gift with a lot of money tbh. nowhere near as personal though
ID	3	14 dayssss ahhhh super excited   'they're telling me that my heart wont beat again'   JLS were awesome yesterday (:
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MOMMY!!!!
ID	3	has just watched antcam7 ahh love it
ID	3	Good morning to the world. Hope everyone is ok
ID	2	@TheSimsHub Really? Hooray! Can't wait!
ID	2	G*morning! Rain, rain and more rain.. ! But I don't care so much
ID	3	Lan Poker is so much fun!!!!  Someone help me remember ki compre chal raha hai abhi!!!!
ID	2	@NursingDrPepper I told you I'd be back  Just won't be updating as much before my exams. Looking forward to a day or two in your house ;)
ID	2	oh thats hard-going. I'm writing a book at the moment so am motivating myself to press on with that.
ID	3	@enfant_terrible haha, that was new  the fact that he couldn't do it should have cost his part. What kind of Spock is that!
ID	3	@RX2904 you, my friend, are a true fan
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all your wonderful moms!
ID	3	@Elliot79 I don't think I can bear such cuteness this early in the day! Kudos to Fair Empress
ID	2	@MacQuid Soetimes I envy those who have spent their whole lives in one place and have deep roots... the grass on the other side syndrome!
ID	3	http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
ID	3	is waiting for the final of shipwrecked to start. goodtimes.  &lt;3
ID	3	has just discovered a great site!
ID	2	Sippin on the goose &amp; bull all night has got me twisted lol...on my way home from Club Wet. Interesting night
ID	3	All the money in the world could never make me as happy as being a stay-at-home mom with my son
ID	3	Is sat in her PJs drinking tea and watching the Politics Show. Lovely
ID	3	it's nice to see my #euruko pictures (http://twurl.cc/xd1) on the big screen during a conference break
ID	3	I'm eating and chatting on my computer.. Really bored! -_- I think I'm going to have some tea, HAHA.  Listning to 80's music! WOOHO &lt;3
ID	3	@vixx1983 haha so the whole worlds there then lol
ID	0	@sh1mmer ) I can relate to the frustration.I ruined my wp blog many times during updates.They warn you a few times.&quot;back the ^$!@# up&quot;
ID	1	@sh1mmer ) I can relate to the frustration.I ruined my wp blog many times during updates.They warn you a few times.&quot;back the ^$!@# up&quot;
ID	4	@Malarkey ok point taken.  I'll tell my team to stop our cynical championing of standards. Active-X is far better anyway
ID	3	On the home stretch now, by Friday night I'll be piss drunk and finished my exams!
ID	4	unfortunately people at work let me down so I am now having a bad morning! it's official... but revenge is a dish best served cold
ID	3	@AFineFrenzy ali, just like you do!!!   have such a wonderful sunday!
ID	3	@chasepino ur funny  gnight
ID	2	Has got to go to work with a slight hangover gd nite thou
ID	3	@_anh Hmm, tasty!  Going to have curry rice with peas probably. ;)
ID	3	alright, rawknroll.net live on radio23.org - next 2 hours of vivid spring to summer music  rawk on and enjoy!
ID	3	@georgieBOOM it's like triple what i've got, so it's a lot to me as well. Well done
ID	2	@sandy195850 That's me set up for an exciting Sunday lol
ID	3	@phillyhead aw thank you sam phil, i love you
ID	3	@phoeNYkx Yes, I liked it very very much  It wasn't even cheesy!
ID	3	@caromans Would applaud self-validation for all sorts of good theological, psychological &amp; sociological reasons. But agree - lighten up!
ID	3	Just found out I'll be a Food Engineer in a future life. Cool. *iPhone app called Afterlife
ID	3	going shopping with my mammyy.... my makeup and face are being generally quite nice to me today
ID	3	@CeeCeeJayez episode 17 season 1, i love chuck bass.  who's going to the short stack filming next sat? Im making a flag. ;D
ID	3	likes heavenly blushhhh
ID	3	@SherriEShepherd Hey Sherri! Thanx 4 da messages Wondering if u could follow me? Plzzzz
ID	3	@f2point4 oh, that is very nice!! I will do something nice next week ~ going to Madrid next weekend for few days
ID	2	Just downloaded parnoid
ID	3	@rudedoodle thankyou
ID	3	@theclimbx3 i knooow  its the pizza girl episode xD &lt;3
ID	3	Almost ready to leave the house to head to WTHR!
ID	3	Good morning, to all the mommies happy mothers day.  Now I am off the pull the cats tail.  I know she likes it
ID	3	@AndreaKoeln I listen it right now - so much fun!!!  No I just have to get it somehow
ID	4	Just came home from my sister where I spent the night
ID	3	summer clothes panic over..I see rain clouds !!  still going swimming though..I'm feeling in a holiday mood
ID	3	@sruthykumar hahaha totally  yaayy i don't feel so alone on twitter
ID	2	@madnessofmany called about it, no answer shall try again tomorrow
ID	2	@TMJP actually i would prefer you not check me out .....
ID	3	@itsonlywords You're welcome!
ID	2	@vadimkozhin why do you think so?
ID	3	@ddlovato http://twitpic.com/4vuuy - That's so cool.
ID	3	@pntbtrkisses a midwest girl, lol....so close and yet so far
ID	3	my miss doesn't read my tweets so she wouldn't know that the emo guy won #dsds
ID	3	@CandyWWGM well, as i mother &amp; grandma i am a bit in a kidding mode
ID	2	I wonder what you're doing, imagining where you are, there's oceans in between us, but that's not very far.  http://plurk.com/p/svxe1
ID	3	Made it home..Night my twitties
ID	3	finally home  crazy party 2nite! thanks @jacksterlope 4 driving me home!
ID	3	@MARCOME I like the sound of a love breeze...sounds beautiful! Love the wind on my face
ID	3	@ecjulie You're welcome...
ID	3	is very shocked and feeling sick... but happy all the same
ID	2	happy birthday to my little sister gee! in celebration, have an article
ID	3	Hope all the Mum's out there had a Mother's Day with love, close family &amp; friends.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day !  I feel blessed on this day to have wonderful son who is also my best friend
ID	3	like why the fuck am i still up...maybe because im drunk as hell and had a great time tonight..shit was crazy
ID	3	AmmoxXx great day? Woman, did you NOTICE the smile that never disappeared off my face? Ha, Murray... All cos of you, I owe you
ID	3	I wish  I could choose what bands played trash on june 20th...hmmm!!!
ID	3	@TotallyM hi hun!!  i really loved your tutorial yday!  soooo much, it was one of the best tutorials i had watched in a long time!  xx
ID	3	just got home and my kitty was by my door waiting for me
ID	3	just installed Windows 7 RC, so far no mushroom cloud yet.
ID	3	My Rishloves make me smile: @rishlooband ...
ID	3	@frenchiep :  i know i*m late but i didn't had internet. so happy bithday to you and pierre!
ID	3	@maenad_au I love it
ID	2	@ronnilab Hahahah, I will be using that saying from now on!
ID	3	@AmmoxXx great day? Woman, did you NOTICE the smile that never disappeared off my face? Ha, Murray... All cos of you, I owe you
ID	3	@ROAR_Fear_Me Doing very well thank you very much - spending a lot of time behind the PC but with a focus and determination
ID	4	@simbaaa @mahimaaa SORRY! I couldn't help it. 'Twas to try and get if on the trending topics.
ID	3	@aanneeB ok  i kinda thought so... i mean those 2? ... it would be funny though.
ID	3	Hoedown throwdown- all I can say is... I'm getting there!
ID	3	Sleeeping ; just had to say Happy Momdukes Day
ID	3	@backstreetboys Congrats to Howie! I hope you bring little James to germany soon  Wish you all the best for your family!
ID	3	@MollySchofe on another note I totally love this pic of you and your dad....old pic -  http://bit.ly/18aEG8
ID	3	@TheLakersNation Game 3 today. Oh YA.
ID	3	Good morning! Driving to work
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wtii - new hair going to greeattt use!
ID	3	It's like I'm living in a Dream Land. I (always) get what I want. God, thank you for everything. I'm so grateful for this lovely life
ID	3	@MikeyNEF mmmm... looks so yummy! good seeing u
ID	3	YES! I DONE IT! at last.  my homework is ready dx and i can go waaalkiiing because the sun is shining ^^ oh yeah.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day !
ID	3	Good morning everybody !!
ID	3	@decadentdecay Chica! Two more days!  I want the US Elle too.
ID	3	@LucyKD lmao, im only joking mate
ID	3	@Katie_McFlyy FINALY MY CHANCE HAS CAME. . TO KILL YOU MWAHAHA! ha. not cool. .  ha  xx
ID	3	Thanks all for coming out tonight, hope ya had fun!
ID	2	Oh. Now it doesn't need updating all of a sudden. Ok. Will get dressed anyway
ID	3	Oh, I've just watched the third episode of JONAS, it's awesome.
ID	3	@Dannymcfly http://twitpic.com/3ernb - Loving The Jumper
ID	3	@Boothamshaw i dont really know..i saw it on the gadget show about something thatmakes messages easier to find or something thank you
ID	3	Off to have a sumptuous Mexican meal!
ID	3	@davidleibrandt good to know you had fun
ID	2	@twilightgossip I hope you feel better soon
ID	4	@courtpet oh sweet! I'll definitely check it out when I get the chance...
ID	2	just as i finish checking all my emails, i get 5 more. because like 5 more people are following me on twitter. hi people following me!
ID	3	HAPPY B-DAY TO LINA  haha, your birthdaypresent to me would be to comment on the new video ;) http://bit.ly/17Cy61
ID	3	@Magnum74 I knew my mom loved flowers and she loves the Rieger Begonia so... hanging basket seemed perfect
ID	3	derby day! woooo, come on UNITED!
ID	3	Completely EXCELLENT Dave Matthews concert! Jason Mraz opened &amp; I heard &quot;stay or leave&quot; &amp; &quot;crush&quot; for the first time live
ID	2	Cleaning up from yesterdays wild party
ID	4	if you hit a car .. u should leave a note http://bit.ly/P274B  but yea put whatever u want on the note
ID	3	early morning golf on a sunny day
ID	3	@ManBag79 awww I love me some charlies  we are enjoying some lucky food LOL
ID	3	mozart's requiem!
ID	3	@mopedronin come to kyoto  weather is great here
ID	3	couldn't resist ? http://blip.fm/~5z7v3
ID	3	LOVED Britain's got talent last night!  Shaun and Greg were both amazing!  Were they HOT too..can't say I noticed?!!
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day!!!!
ID	3	HALLELUJAH! I've finally finished my Careers assignment! The feeling of finishing a task is great, you have no idea. Or maybe you do. lol
ID	3	&quot;Viewers of my LinkedIn profiel also viewed Barack Obama, Francisco van Jole and Erwin Blom.&quot; I'm in good company.
ID	4	Rove Live in 3 mins, kinda excited.
ID	3	I can Rome without Ceasar
ID	3	@MissxMarisa hahaha, it's *massive* compared to the others!! you're so sweet Scenie
ID	3	Happy Mother's day VALK!!
ID	3	@Hermanryu Thank you! Tadi jam 12.30pm
ID	3	@tprettyman ask them what they have done with their lives. be annoying human beings? tell your mama happy mother's day!
ID	3	Good mornin' everyone . Beautiful sunday for all the beautiful moms of ours. Had my breakfast with the lady ....   Lets move on .
ID	2	I guess she's not the type of songwriter who dreams the great ones.
ID	3	With Aubrey at pearl!!!
ID	3	@horcrux01 happy bday!
ID	3	@Swedish_em I'm ok I guess. talking to - biiip - right now, or..on sms. haha well, how are you?
ID	3	LA bound!!
ID	3	So grateful for my amazing family. How blessed am I. Happy Mothers day everyone
ID	3	@ansje_44 Thanks!! It was a bit out of my comfort zone but it was fun
ID	3	Just funny sitting here with external keyboard, mouse, and macbook on bed  just looks strange but it's comfortable
ID	3	@Nemitabbah HAHAHAHA...yeah you mess up that crossing and kneeling bit you will get called out...JOKING
ID	3	@moodleman somehow I am going to have to figure out how to come to Sydney one day
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day. Havent got mom a present yet? Print off an Amazon Gift Card for her!  http://snipurl.com/hq0n1
ID	4	@iamhenrymorgan my screen is covered with BLUR ...  how's ya day been kiddo ?
ID	3	@MandyBookLover Same here, having a nice, quiet Sunday
ID	2	@sleepynikki - I will see if there's a used organ shop there &amp; let you know. But why not just sign up to ejamming.com and rock out!
ID	4	shower time
ID	3	Had a great night, ashleigh makes a good dance teacher  And we kicked Bens butt at a pillow fight!
ID	3	@marthinnayoan Ahahaha... thanks bro. Will do. I might take the day off tomorrow
ID	3	ahh, juz got a new Rapidshare account that lasts till Oct 09. 10gb download limit daily
ID	3	@simonemaynard thank you
ID	3	Enjoying a great buffet brunch at Friends &amp; Bachus on St. Marks Road. The food, service &amp; ambience get a 4.0/5.0 Definitely coming back
ID	0	http://twitpic.com/4wtom - This day is soo stressful! Geee.. Lunch was a blast tho! How are you guys??
ID	1	http://twitpic.com/4wtom - This day is soo stressful! Geee.. Lunch was a blast tho! How are you guys??
ID	3	yeah .... just bought tickets for Pearl Jam in August
ID	3	@MelodyLeaLamb Goooood Morning Melody! Wishing you a Wonderful Mother's Day with your family!
ID	3	I saw Thirst which is korean movie made by chan-wook Park . this movie isn't hard but good
ID	2	Show 147 in pre-pre production ....... a bit behind
ID	3	Ooh I have snazzed up my profile with summery colors
ID	3	@urfavoritegrl i'm sure you're sleeping, but you'll have to tell me your favorite part tomorrow. i laughed pretty much the whole time.
ID	3	you always seem to know exactly the right thing to say. thanks.  - http://ilikeucoz.com/m/1123 #youregreat
ID	3	Happy Sunday. We have sunshine in Frankfurt. Hope all mothers enjoy this day
ID	2	did 14.5 miles in the Peak last night, with a nice 5 mile run back to the car this morning
ID	3	going to program now  haven't programmed for a long time now
ID	2	My bet on Mumbai Indians today... Anyone to take a bet on this for 500 bucks??
ID	2	@JPMizDELiCiOUS  hii
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day to all my fellow mums - have a great day - mine will be spent in my garden with all of my family
ID	2	has now been informed by a close personal friend that the sore head is due to infact 4 pints not 2
ID	3	@andrew1913 theme tune? Your robin I'm BATMAN!
ID	3	@DemiLSupporter i LOVE your hat! so cool. that looks like it was a fun day.  and i love that you used the word &quot;crikey&quot; just now!!
ID	3	HAPPY MOMMA's DAY ALL. HONOR YOUR MOMs  sign up for #maternalhealth  here's for all mothers and luvin kids out there:  http://bit.ly/Bpekk
ID	0	Huh, another ScarePoint coding Sunday
ID	1	Huh, another ScarePoint coding Sunday
ID	3	@pretentiousgit what a cute dog
ID	2	@codepo8 I must admit when i first saw that name posted i thought it was an exploit attempt
ID	3	try to play John Travolta's &quot;Grease Lightning&quot; bassline.. it's cool
ID	3	@hollymcombsbr somehow i cant reply to your message LOL and yes i know  Thank youuu
ID	2	sorry i havent tweeted in a while- i was on holiday then was ill but im better now
ID	3	Umm. What do we have here? Apple pie, check. Cupcakes, check. Green tea, check. Coffee, check. Then we're ready for tea time
ID	3	@DannehOak hey there! your web URL looks good
ID	2	@TheRealJayRome heya thanks for accepting the add
ID	3	our south style exhibition is on in less than a week  member fresh gallery otara!
ID	3	Did it!!  back in pakistan! - http://bkite.com/07kBP
ID	3	It's Mother's Day! Went out to lunch to celebrate and then went shopping for a gift for my mom
ID	3	@chriscuzzy ...Now I'm going back to bed. LOL. Enjoy your time at the gym. I'll be sleeping.
ID	3	@HelloLizzi oh hahah thats ok then
ID	3	star treeeeek?! only one hot guy there  and i get to watch him do his hot stuff woo.
ID	3	bathing with two little angels, Keyla and Janice.
ID	3	@Kenzielee_ Mother's Day in the U.S today. I won't tell mine, she'll expect another present
ID	3	Just watched Camp Rock  Eating raspberry ripple icecream. Awesome
ID	3	hmm icecream for breakfast  #springtime
ID	3	Signing out for the night - have a good Sunday night all
ID	2	@jonoble Hope you'll be able to join us for future editions
ID	2	just watched One Tree Hill episode 22 season 6... never cried this much since keith died!!!!!! OTH is epic for sure!!!!!!  Xxx
ID	3	@davelakhani Did you get to meet Ace Frehley?  Love his guitar playing.  Not sure how coherent a speaker he might/might not be.
ID	2	did it!!  back in pakistan! - http://bkite.com/07kBQ
ID	3	I say &quot;oh man..&quot; jovani asks, &quot;did you just call me an old man?&quot; haha
ID	3	@jordanknight Please wish your wife Evelyn a Happy Mother's Day for me and tell her I hope that she has a wonderful day. Spoil her today.
ID	2	@jonesyladdd SAME. its just not happening, and im going out too!. UH-OH.
ID	2	That's more like it - 3rd  #fb
ID	2	2 more weeks of school not including weekends. omg right on. im so excited yet scared. omg. ahhhh. i can't wait to grad.
ID	3	Had a great weekend... but ate too much I think..  I am looking forward to my trip to Hobart on Friday the 15th....
ID	3	@rehabc give him a gift voucher for something like shoppers' stop or something. that's as good as cash. unless he's immigrating, that is!
ID	3	@RealHughJackman Wolverine is awesome.. love it! your such a great actor..
ID	3	We have tons of updates including pics of Rob from yesterday. Check them out  www.robsessedpattinson.com
ID	2	Happy mothers day Mummy  ?
ID	2	... I will launch (make or break) the alpha phase of my residential real estate rental website. (Commitment of first grade
ID	3	@marypascoe thanks  i love the word CRIKEY it's like my sayin'
ID	3	morning darlin' @DaHilster Hope you're feelin' tip-top  ? http://blip.fm/~5z7zs
ID	3	http://pic.gd/fad84c One Sunday night at Helsinki. We hadn't drink anything... xD yeah RIGHT!
ID	3	@xo_nessa Hiyaaa hannah asked me if i wanted to come to Girls Aloud  i wil see if i can skank some money somwhere is it 33 you need?
ID	3	@Vitriol_: &quot;@lordmitchnz  Good evening, kind sir *bows*&quot; ? http://blip.fm/~5z7zv
ID	3	happy mothers day!
ID	3	@BoltClock oic.. will need to get upgrade space if I do want to use it then.thanks  Will most prob only use photoshop and dreamweaver
ID	3	@CirkusMike tweetie is very good for multiple accounts too. Grab the Mac Desktop copy too if you have one
ID	3	@edsaint lol @ half - I already have a bulky desktop- I'm geared up for super slim and light: SSD performance is unreal
ID	3	Happy mother's day to all of the moms out there! Don't forget to send a card!!
ID	3	will do it  in a  couple od days , when I have  more time.,  for  now  I   need to  get some sleep. Night Night  All.  Peace.!!!!
ID	3	@cybercabz i'll take a lookie, sound great
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day
ID	3	Seeing 'Love at the Club' actually made me
ID	3	@aussiecynic haha better drunken tweeting you mean?
ID	3	@aussieboby i like it    #masterchef
ID	2	@doctorbond if you meant to heavy rain n flood in bkk last night, lucky I was out of bkk
ID	3	@sevenspiral no worries, good news are good to spread
ID	3	@nicktionary and its amazing  x
ID	3	@NeNe96 happy bday to her  and happy mothers' day too
ID	3	morning im up and ready weeee its a sunday
ID	3	@therealjspace *bows* glad to be of service
ID	2	@28doomdoom28 I saw that on jonas too  But where is that line from cos I've heard of it my I can't remember where?
ID	3	@tessajames01 cool i wear black most of the time when i go out
ID	3	@Jo3ll3 going to bed for real this time. Have a good day
ID	3	I want to play audition with Anna ~ -mHc-SMOOCH
ID	2	@sandy195850 we have two small dogs, good to hear that Center Parcs wd take them. Cruising to New York on the Queen Mary 2, real treat
ID	3	goin to watch some friends DVD's
ID	3	happy mothers day to all moms out there!!
ID	3	Just finished my 1st new song !!!  Soon on Youtube !  Keeping you updated !
ID	2	@originalgabriel Sure thing!
ID	3	Hahahahaha i rember when i riped that william picture out of one of claires mags. I beated zoe to it
ID	3	@freshypanda haha drunk golf sounds *awesome*!! i predict a great score for today
ID	3	@ModelSupplies thank you for your comment
ID	3	@headgeek666 watched the standard dvd 3d version, no blu in UK yet, 3d effect was best I have seen on home system yet, titties in 3d
ID	3	Currently in costa coffee  im liking this place more and more. Were sat in the business lounge. ooo were businessy today.
ID	3	did ice skating last show part this morning. Mozart. awesome, can't wait to do it Friday and saturday. love U all
ID	3	Filming the very last scene of Afflicted - then it's on to sound design... soon! soon!
ID	3	done with the fkn exam! n just bought the mothers day gift, finally... tada! the new prada fragrance  going to meet up mum n fam now : ...
ID	2	Photo: My New Shoes!  http://tumblr.com/xmx1qzcts
ID	3	@Jennifrayne  Thanks for the link, ive voted &amp; i'll send that out too.
ID	3	@melisadisti lol i hope i find someone to give me one too! lol
ID	2	@drewryanscott then u should went to vegas like u did last year  I think this was around the time u killed that animal with ur old car LOL
ID	3	happy mom's day
ID	3	@Lindsayslifee they look nice atleast  haha. &lt;3
ID	3	On twikini while enjoying the sun
ID	3	@gh_rocks Aww how sweet you are
ID	3	I PUT A SHELF UP lol im well proud and yes its my twilight shelf  my books the movies going on there and obv my prezzie from lara XD (L)
ID	0	Hockey was so fukin good  Fuck you hole! xD
ID	1	Hockey was so fukin good  Fuck you hole! xD
ID	3	@hottieann2145 nice to meet ya!
ID	3	is finishing off related lit during PlanSem break  http://plurk.com/p/sw05s
ID	0	Sunglasses whores   http://twitpic.com/4wtzj
ID	1	Sunglasses whores   http://twitpic.com/4wtzj
ID	2	Guys will go see Constance  logically
ID	3	@Tor87 it's an awesome book, can't wait for the film - enjoy and don't be scared  x
ID	3	off to JFK (again), should be in texas soon.
ID	3	Going to take it quite easy today actually. Yesterday was great but it took a lot of energy out of me. Going out for some pirating later.
ID	3	Hopefully going back to work tomorrow!! tired of having a flu.. Beside, I love working with the children, so fun to play with!!
ID	3	@pkollar very heart-warming indeed. I'll be looking forward to that day
ID	3	Good Morning Tweets, I like lazy sundays
ID	2	@MacQuid No! Strange, each time we return I feel like I have come home and yet I have no Spanish blood that I know of....
ID	3	happy mothers day  esp to my mommy
ID	3	@CimmiCSYMSOffic i think i'll pass the worm! haha, but good morning!
ID	3	@jaded0ll HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO UR MOM JAH. TC.
ID	3	@jaderibeiro lol event management. no prerequisites
ID	2	@hunz i tend to freak most people out - I am, err, somewhat mad.
ID	3	just finish clean up my computer/guest room's cupboard! my stuffs
ID	3	@kellieann1 haha hi mum! wow yes, very modern of you. now you just need to get a facebook account! p.s. talk to me by writing @mattcaplin
ID	2	I'm in need of someone with a good gaydar ... Seriously
ID	3	Always thinking about to look for a good place to appericiate everyone who supports me on every site I joined
ID	3	@RobPattinson444 hello  i am ur biggest fan, and i rly carnt w8 till new moon comes out! good luck 2 u nd all the cast filming  xxx
ID	3	Early lunch then getting all dressed up for Amy's confirmation
ID	3	Is playing bubblewrap on her iPhone. Over and over and over again. Still, beats working...
ID	2	@MollyMaison moooooooooooooooo? lol i copied that last.fm thing you had  looks good
ID	3	hi @blowmefool thanks for the follow  good luck with your friend? ha
ID	3	@macel_erika oh oh! that's a nice song!  yeah! You ain nuttin budda hawndog!
ID	4	Off to see the Tinys, thinking thoughts about smiles I caught from the radio  and big daft grin all over my face....
ID	3	@MrCrunchiebar  love the new pic! Isn't the sunny sky nice!
ID	0	@fergmaster Sons of bitches, why couldn't they put them on the releases we already bought
ID	1	@fergmaster Sons of bitches, why couldn't they put them on the releases we already bought
ID	4	@ElizaPatricia Never met you in person but miss you like hell. That must be your charm...
ID	3	@drewryanscott Awww that's so sweet  Wish you could see yourz 2
ID	3	Who's going out tonight? I want to go out  xxx
ID	3	Done... with the #run : 14.5km / 1h33mn / 153bpm . Feeling great, no fatigue... and no speed
ID	4	Basil will be the highlight of my day. I've just had an old man lecture me on the greatness of the Telegraph. What an idiot
ID	3	@youngnatho LOL.  **BLows Kiss** did u Catch it daddY ??.. neways im chillin hun and u i see u up early have u been a sleep
ID	3	@jazz_machine lol - Good evening/morning/day (just to catch everything!) to you too!
ID	3	actually loves nesquik cereal
ID	3	Had a great weekend with One, hanging with Nick &amp; Brendon, church this morning! Can't believe Loretta won the Mothers Day raffle again!
ID	3	its so nice.. I LUV KELLY...she's such an amazing singer  LUV HER
ID	2	Going to bed...I love the weekends
ID	3	Finally home and ready for bed!  night!
ID	3	@nicolejacinto Ahh, your baby is so cute! Happy Mother's Day!
ID	3	@verflucht Thanks
ID	2	kids  b'day party/picnic  in canazarro park.  The other half 'hurts' today
ID	3	@BryonyCatrin hey hey, some else has twitter!
ID	3	happy mother's day!!!     gr8 day
ID	3	John john and I just switched the meaning of PIMP to someone who still pwns at halo when they're wasted  hahahaha Another amazing night
ID	3	Im LOVING the #Squarespace Tutorial Videos, real helpful
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wu0a - Sunny day at vivocity, yupz just showered.. Runs into airconditioned mall..
ID	3	Next movies for me : Terminator Salvation and Transformers 2, gonna be a meka spring this year
ID	2	@tsarnick Oh, yeah.. I'm aiming for a 160 on the scorecard today man!  I'm gonna be in vicious mental/physical pain in a few hours...
ID	2	Mothers day isnt until the 31th here in sweden.But thnx for the pm's
ID	3	finished essay. dinner went well me and my brother acted like kids and had spoon fight  then fought over who woould sit in my sisters lap
ID	2	@Fooddesigner good luck in the pressure test! don't worry everything will be great
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day, Moms!!! You are wonderful!! Have a great day
ID	2	Spent the night finally relaxing with Nogard on WoW after finishing some work Needed to take a small break from art. I really missed this
ID	2	is looking at that person from a very different pov.  never thought i'd see this day arrive!
ID	3	Had an amazing night with my favorite lady friend
ID	2	@freshypanda I work with drunk golfers, it can be exciting! It wasn't bad  Yours, sir?
ID	3	@shamim86 Cool!!! No wonder you didn't sleep much
ID	4	my back and legs kill from yesterday and we have a big old leak in the kitchen, looks like staying in pjs all day infront of the tv
ID	0	hopping in the shower,  @ricandhislife you can help me tidy my room  its a shit hole, mums fucking friends
ID	1	hopping in the shower,  @ricandhislife you can help me tidy my room  its a shit hole, mums fucking friends
ID	3	GETTING A PUPPYYY!!!!  What should I name him? I think Romeo is cute.
ID	3	Had a lovely Mothers Day
ID	3	Having a (Y) weekend with Karen. Off to Swansea today
ID	3	Goin to ma cousins soon, there dog is soo cute
ID	3	@Fooddesigner good luck in the pressure test! don't worry everything will be great  #masterchef
ID	3	@Reemski Might be a while before I get around to it. Not sure if I will make it flat out in HTML or through WordPress. .. Fun fun fun
ID	3	While the family is out to Mother's Day Party, Shannon &amp; I took a stroll downstairs with the pram. She's bathed and happy. Me too.
ID	3	You want ittt, you got ittt!
ID	3	@dannywood we standing here meeting up with everbody!!!! Let us kno u kno where here! Love ya!
ID	3	@sosolid2k turtles and shoes make an awesome couple  if only shoes could talk back to the turtle :p lol
ID	3	On way to the wimbledon with @sweezle to watch star trek, IMAX baby
ID	3	Happy mothers dat
ID	3	like the sound of a tweet
ID	3	just got home.
ID	3	@robertkazinsky so you should. You're a fantastic actor it's about time you got some recognition for it.
ID	3	@Wattyz You got it! YAAAY!!! I was really worried your phone wouldn't fit, so glad it does!  Happy Mother's Day, lol!
ID	3	i am fucked...damn you lucas at your czech republic beer that tastes like heaven in a bottle!! Your amazing
ID	3	Time to turn the phone off and get a full nights sleep
ID	3	i'm seriously lovin 'hometown glory' by adele. about to hop on itunes and snag it
ID	3	Happy mother's day to all moms out there!  i just played tong-its a while ago.
ID	3	?ang cho con hamster m?p t?p th? d?c b?ng cch: b? vo banh ch?y lng vng trong phng
ID	3	Off to finish the book &quot;nudge&quot; then going to write some
ID	2	trying to NOT fall asleep while doing ancient assignment. Drinking some water with ice and lime! yum
ID	3	received her first pressie. Happy happy.
ID	3	I FOUND A PROM DRESS
ID	3	Today I'm working on my &quot;Quirky Q&quot; cue or maybe it will become a concerto
ID	3	@paigeebaby HAHHA yeahh  like SS on ellen xDD
ID	3	@solkana I want to see &quot;Too Fast to Transport in 60 seconds&quot;
ID	2	Fishing on WoW while listening to ska on Pandora. Such a lazy Sunday morning
ID	3	@christinaof94 Lol  It's like you have a cult.. haha
ID	3	Hello all my new followers, there is suddenly a lot of you, so will take a little time to get round to you all
ID	3	my head feels sooooooooooo much better
ID	2	@smilyross Do tell...
ID	2	@damana Was he big and strong - and would he like a pedometer?
ID	3	@Lady_Twitster ohhhh, I love Morse, have every episode on video &amp; sometimes gaze lovingly at them
ID	3	I have such fantastic friends, including several ones met through here! thanks for being in my life - you are such amazing people!
ID	3	@comedian cafe, sky dining plangi  http://plurk.com/p/sw17j
ID	3	@fjkeogh Ha Thats good. Thats why I love my boys, cos they never stir up the hatred that the mighty red scum do  Everyone loves City
ID	3	@ashleytisdale http://twitpic.com/3a5ho - hahaha ily ashley u'r like the best in the world
ID	3	happy mothers day to all the beautful mums.
ID	3	Cleaning all day today after he runs off to do his stuff and setting my schedule for the week.  I feel much better now and calmer too!
ID	2	Is ahhh, ching chong wing wong ping pong ding dong!
ID	2	@errolbeats - no, @hamsterfurrey is buttfuck stupid. I'm just silly and forgetful
ID	2	Happy mother's day all you moms!
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAYYY!
ID	3	@who_the_heck Haha LOL @ the english work they doo in college
ID	3	@samanthadepanta Doing really well! I will stay here as long as is needed!  So you can definitely come and visit me!! Look forward too ...
ID	3	beats the heat with cool guava juice in handi water
ID	3	@sarahteaa good girl, sarah. now we've got ourselves a club
ID	3	winter flu has to twitter about logies to get noticed. haha. I love rove
ID	0	@GeminiAngel24 lol, my current mp3 player is a brick. It would be nice to have something slim
ID	1	@GeminiAngel24 lol, my current mp3 player is a brick. It would be nice to have something slim
ID	2	maybe going to see the hannah montana movie todaaaay  i've seen it one time before, but can't wait to see it again!!
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day to all that are, all that are trying, and all that haven't nailed their teenagers to a tree
ID	3	@aphrodaisy Thanks!   I'm making homemade lasagna for my mum today.
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wua7 - I can't wait to see them!
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out there
ID	3	finished english. very happy. watching rove and talking to one of my fav girls tyla. i love you
ID	3	Happy mother's day everyone! still playing pet society!
ID	3	has had a wonderful day with some gorgeous girls, followed by dinner and drinks with the Swedes
ID	3	@blundell07 Aye, I loved it too  @cyntaxerror over analyzed it me thinks
ID	3	@Laryllan not really ;D nice pic . @lenaaileen no but could u imagine those 2? ... i thought so
ID	3	@jason_2008 lol oh dnt worry u'l be able to squeeze it soon enough!! Hope you have a good day today!
ID	3	you are my apple and i wana take a bite
ID	3	@SusanCosmos @speakgirl Thx 4 sharing!
ID	3	@MsFantastic776 goodmorning&amp; Happymothers day
ID	2	At my parents, net is good  Enjoyin myself too.
ID	3	@BaltarStar Hee! He looks totally drug addled and handsome.  Glad you found a clip you could view.
ID	3	All in all, a good weekend
ID	3	Law week is gonna go the fuck off  SO EXCITED
ID	3	Great to be sunbathing in my garden.  And this afternoon I'll be watching ADO to see if they can win this important match (on tv).
ID	4	@nigs Ah so 15 months. I'm sure he is advanced, and it's not you being biased  they seem to grow up faster these days - now I sound old!
ID	3	Getting somewhere with my first &quot;real&quot; KiokuDB and catalyst app, yay
ID	3	Glorious sunny day in London town.. I'm in drama school fighting people with swords while protecting my romantically structured face
ID	3	mcfly gig last nightt omg it was amazin didnt sit down through the whole thing  mcfly did you see me and ma best mate we were in tutus
ID	2	@daniellebabeyy babe  ive been aight, urselff?
ID	2	oh no its ok  they are coming on just now x]
ID	3	loves the smell of roast in the oven - thanks @sharnazzle for the ideas!
ID	3	Hopes every1 had a nice mothers day!
ID	3	i love you more than you'll ever know.
ID	3	@robinmatthewfry thats great I'll make sure I get a copy
ID	3	Yeah, let's build an app #euruko
ID	3	#SanctuarySunday fav character @pegasusangel has to be Ashley!  Why? cause she's awesome
ID	3	OK. break over. Back to the books. Have fun lovelies!  ? http://blip.fm/~5z8da
ID	3	my girlfriend still likes sesame st, and so do I
ID	3	@Rebeckela that is no problem, i know you will win with the butt kicking as i can see into the future,,, its your destiny.. jaiho
ID	4	@scouserach Not today Rach
ID	3	is off to RENT soon  Hope I can get home tonight though with all the train problems :s ...
ID	3	@sammihouse  awww lol yh it is worth it-  mcfly are worth it 2  eekk
ID	3	Listening to the new Green Day album  Fingers crossed!
ID	3	So, I finally got my but on Twitter. Let's hope I make good use of this site
ID	2	@TradingGoddess &quot;Perfect Practice makes Perfect&quot;
ID	3	welcome to all new catvampees, enjoy the ride
ID	3	@travelrants that's cool, I'd be happy to contribute to any future articles. Enjoy the rest of the weekend
ID	3	Proudly watching my film  http://bit.ly/dP2Uh
ID	4	OOPS I meant 9412tr sorry lol
ID	3	Migrating a Sybase ASE SPARC Sun Solaris based into a Solaris x86 based. That should be fun
ID	3	gets sumthin special, but i want more. akankah suatu hari ku kan mendapatkannya...? only GOD knows...
ID	3	We are having a day 'at home' today - which is proving to be rather lovely
ID	3	Just finnished my Double Cheeseburger. It was good  Ready to watch the Spanish F1
ID	4	Round and Round the Garden: The amazing thing is that he's still talking to me!  http://tinyurl.com/dx8as4
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mamas out there
ID	3	Yay, a live demo of Rhodes. Loving this more and more  #euruko
ID	3	Awesome sunday service  God is for you, Jesus is praying for you - What can man do to you?!
ID	3	@sh4rkship thanks for the follow
ID	3	@asmita it is very cheeky one, but nice too
ID	3	@Mariment @macangel @VisionaryEyes Thanks so much!
ID	2	@nezorousylex hey!  not much, you?
ID	4	@michaelmagical Oh its dinner time here. still sulking over missing your fillet min   *sob* so having tea &amp; toast
ID	3	@nickmovs omg!! I'm tweeting sooo late sorry I miss u 2 good times ...NO I didn't marry him still great friends
ID	3	@Sweet_Libertine um, glad you enjoyed it...
ID	2	I don't think our ISP is too happy with us this weekend!
ID	3	http://snipurl.com/hq0n1 Just printed my mom an Amazon gift card  for Happy Mothers Day talk about last minute.
ID	3	my darling dd says &quot;my mum is my best friend&quot;... and she told me to tell you all she said that in here too  so I did! love ya moo (jd too)
ID	3	@ScottRhodie so you liked it. Glad to hear
ID	3	@ciaag3nt thats great  (((hugs)))
ID	3	Early bird gets the worm.  And in my case, birder gets to witness the carnage.
ID	3	Happy mothers day! Be good to your momma's!
ID	3	off to do some gardening and get lots of fresh air - i love Sundays
ID	3	speakerphone with the bestie  love that kid http://tinyurl.com/qxyc2n
ID	0	@Rove1974 LOL @ the cards. So very, very wrong
ID	1	@Rove1974 LOL @ the cards. So very, very wrong
ID	3	greeting again every momma : Happy Momma's Day!
ID	4	@sassyback you were right about karla not the best movie made
ID	3	Collabro w/JPhlip called &quot;California&quot; was another hot one.
ID	3	@Jennifalconer I was happy to see on Something For the Weekend that Flight of the Conchords is back on BBC4!
ID	3	@brazilianlinda Whoops, totally read that wrong. Ahem. Yes, I am participating in the 10 day may madness. My ebook is up there.
ID	3	cleaning day!
ID	2	@Kekic Lmao i know !! pleaseeee reply  You got any replies yet? :L x
ID	0	@cristinica21 kill her
ID	1	@cristinica21 kill her
ID	3	@langfordperry woah in the uk it isn't mothers day werid! I've been watching friends all day helps me revise. Oh and 17 again is awesome
ID	3	learn to fly higher...!  http://tinyurl.com/30tools
ID	3	just got back from footy, thankgod eagles won
ID	4	Enough already about Wolfram Alpha: The Next Google, Or the Next Cuil? http://bit.ly/6HESZ
ID	3	@MizFitOnline @lance02 Morning!  Happy Mother's Day Miz!!!  Thank you Lance!!!!
ID	4	@leeye yep trying to beat the cold winter. Morning swim is always refreshing~ good start of day
ID	3	@GabeHumble tysm but i just made +uploaded one so its okay! but lol im looking thru your pics now  il the just wanna fuck shit up one lmao
ID	3	just finished some Sunday cleaning, waiting to read the next chapter of Kiyosaki's book so i can hire a cleaner
ID	3	@ClaytonMorris Thank You Clayton. Going to my favorite Greek Resturant after church for mom's Day!!!!  Loved you on Huckabee
ID	3	Thinking of summer
ID	3	My mom was happy with my present  yayy
ID	3	@Jae878 aha thanks Jae
ID	3	BOOK NOW &amp; SAVE:SUMMER 2009 * THE AMAZONES VILLAGE SUITES****-CRETE-GREECE! THE BEST PLACE TO BE!
ID	2	ssshhh everybody, I think @dagadong is asleep... don't disturb him.
ID	2	im at scotts being a fatty
ID	4	Finally going to bed after staying up reading the script for &quot;Remember Me.&quot; So sad but sooo good! Happy Mother's Day to all the Mother's!
ID	3	@frankiemuniz hey there? hope you're all right. Just watching F1 Warm Up for GP Spain!
ID	3	@ash_786 It's no secret I'm an apple boy! Have considered the iphone dark side MANY times
ID	4	@codelust @prolificd caught me at lunch today... you were correct of he stalking me
ID	3	is having a loungey sunday
ID	3	@samjmoody @DebbieFletcher Happy Mothers day!! Xx
ID	3	work 7 to 4.... happy mother's day!
ID	3	Revision continues. Getting so bored and tired. I can't wait to get out and do interesting things. Only a week and half left though
ID	3	follow me!
ID	3	finally finished my mom's card. took so long getting all the pictures! it looks good though, i'm happy &amp; can't wait til she sees it
ID	4	Dans public transport again and have decided it's just everything north of London that's utter crap these southern trains are alright
ID	3	@dalekwidow I'm hearing lots of good things about the new Trek movie. I'll see if my Dad, &quot;a fellow Treky&quot;, would like to see it
ID	3	@madilovesmerder yeahh. i loved it how addie was being supportive  and in s3 epi4 when addie was like to Der &quot;dont hurt her again&quot;..
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHER DAY FOR ALL THE STRONG HARD WORKING MOTHERS, MAY GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY
ID	3	@ashestoashessn2 Fab, eh?  Feel free to come along for some pre-ep 4 chat and drinks over at Luigi's - http://www.luigis.org.uk tomorrow!
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mom's out there  A day to cherish the best women in our lives
ID	3	@aneD Well thank you! I'll try and remember to put it somewhere
ID	3	Hey mates. I just came home from the beach.  I'm hella tired. It was a 4-hour ride.
ID	3	@JoelMadden People from England can watch this one  Thankyou
ID	3	im an avid fan of playboy magazine and i love your magazines
ID	3	watching #f1. I live near Montmel, I'm so excited about this race
ID	3	@BlokesLib i look forward to that. if u ever write 5 Things a Misanthrope Must Do to be at Peace w Humanity i'm up for that as well
ID	3	@mzfuller8, @mynervouscharm, @littlebirds, @sonsah, i hope you all have a happy mothers day!
ID	2	@carrotmadman6 @sjdvda @Morinn The folks at MBB are no  longer reviewing blogs? Long time I have read a new blog review.
ID	3	@IronLantern Yup. And pulse.im is withstanding the hits so far
ID	3	@makikaysantos http://bit.ly/izhdy  here looove.
ID	3	@BenWay08 mmm but nothing i can do. lucky ive got great friends like u to cheer me up
ID	2	13 hours til i'm on a plane. Ahhh yay
ID	3	just woke up still in bed  sundays r the shit, its the do nothing day of the week
ID	4	Last night, bad guys tried to enter in my garden . I was alone and I really got scared. Now, i feel really stupid. NOT FUNNY
ID	3	Had such a boss night out.
ID	3	long night. Sleeping now.
ID	2	@reivad so's the smell of cigarettes and alcohol... at least *i * like it.
ID	3	@usagiii sweet  i should have something new to show you by then, too
ID	3	http://tr.im/kXCL 'Immigrant hid passport in pants' What a genius.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all my favorite moms.
ID	3	@looosie Agfest? it was pretty awesome.. loads of people were there lol
ID	3	@joechacko thx! i became IBM Master Inventor in 2008. really enjoyed your blog, particularly with the vegan tag
ID	4	@dangerjoe hey Mr Danger!!!
ID	2	@JamesHancox i don't know why but, i can only find miss matched socks during winter. i mean, where do they all go?
ID	3	GM Tweeters! Happy Mother's Day to the mothers and pretend mothers out there!
ID	3	Had a great talk with Tony this afternoon... we're going to give it another go
ID	3	For US tweeps, don't forget to call your mom today...
ID	3	@Rebekah_Mcfly how cool will that be  she is so nice!! Bless her=] so what ya upto? Love you (L) XoxoX
ID	3	happppppyyyy mothersdayyyyyyyyy  mummy you are the best
ID	3	mOod. was way too much fun. lol..  I lOve to dance TEchno !!! &lt;3 ... life.lOve.stress &amp;&amp;. set backs &lt;3 gnite
ID	2	9 hours and 10 mins until I can go home and sleep  I hour till I have to go to work :| can't wait for 5 days off this week!
ID	2	@mutantsounds i was think of something with a better view, but i am on a tight budget.
ID	3	feels like warm things
ID	3	@halibrahim Europe sounds gr8! Will finish my exam on Teus and then we'll  talk about it
ID	3	just woke up, hopefully going to see the Xmen film today?
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day to all you mom out there
ID	3	look up our youtube JessAndNicoleMusic, we are new, leave comments and subscribe  thankyou x
ID	2	@MissxMarisa Yeah, I think you're hyper enough girly.
ID	3	@marius101 right..  making compromises is what kills us!
ID	3	ps liam we're going to look like tools on the train to the city  hopefully we can scare some old people
ID	3	3500 downloads for quickpwn 3.0b5 with cydia, Thanks for playing
ID	3	Ahh, sunshine.  Just deleted 404 spam emails from 2 days - now off to BBQ in sun  wonderful...
ID	3	ah midday - great time for breakfast
ID	3	@ashsimpsonwentz http://twitpic.com/2uzx4 - haha, his heads bigger than yours! awwwh, lol
ID	3	@AbbeyEmm Haha. If you like him, then you should go
ID	2	@Yoga_fan Been busy trumping your cheese omlette with a cheese and chili omlette. An omnomlette
ID	3	Its a lovely 58 degrees right now at 7am.  amazing. Enjoy melting vegas. :l
ID	3	@natburleson nope  husband is golfing &amp; tornado &amp; I are playing. Im so spoiled everyday. esp LAST sunday (tattoo )
ID	3	mothers day drama was awesome!
ID	3	@astaldoia definitely something with eggs  Yummy
ID	4	Happy mothers day to those of u that are mothers, and happy mothers day to all of your mothers      I miss my mom....
ID	3	Yay, I should be able to make it to 700 updates tonight  lame compared to other ppls i know lol
ID	3	@bobbinrob SPARKLY PEEN FOR THE WIN! It solves all of life's problems
ID	3	@btillo Hehe ! Thanks for your advice  I choose the shoes, only three of them, so hard !!!
ID	3	@LennyKravitz - Hey, Lenny, we are waiting you in Bulgaria again soon! The concert last year was... OMG!
ID	3	@PeaceDiva Nice! What r ur plans for 2day? Oh n Happy Mothers Day if u happen 2 b a mother
ID	3	Sunday morning and i realised im a film snob  as it said on MSN entertainment
ID	3	jolly good last night
ID	3	My laptop grew speakers. Now I can watch Charlie with the sound on
ID	2	but I keep updating.
ID	3	@LisaHopeCyrus I know, she's great!  The Climb is sooo good!
ID	3	Love sundays. Especially when F1 is on!! Still in PJ's, no plans to get out of them any time soon
ID	3	@llJessicall SOunds goood!
ID	2	@TwistedHelen i emailed you back baby   how goes???
ID	3	@TimmyTenga awesome, I'm looking at sourcing some as well.
ID	3	Hellooooooo... Whats the scene people !!!
ID	0	@n00rtje Thanks  I'll explain on msn or something :p and I HATE SPIDERS TOO! What happened, one attacked you? xD
ID	1	@n00rtje Thanks  I'll explain on msn or something :p and I HATE SPIDERS TOO! What happened, one attacked you? xD
ID	3	And I am off to my sister's to partyyyy!
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wuko - This is 'Teddy Bear', we might be getting him - isn't he so cute
ID	3	.. good morning peoplee  looks like it's going to be a nice day today! better than last week it was raining =(.
ID	3	@ksymmonds We can compare horror stories mate LOL
ID	3	http://twitpic.com/4wukt - We bought Ludi her own rug. Dogs are the best
ID	2	Going to Hong Kong tonight. Hope I can sleep in the airplane. Worth case I have the last G. Musso to read
ID	3	is loving the magic pens
ID	2	My english is broken
ID	3	More beans on toast for breakie! Gotta clean my room and study for final Cisco exam, then watch #LOST . Can't wait!
ID	2	HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
ID	3	@agoodstein @timknapton what good role models...  i like how yinz think!
ID	3	@sarahjpin Good work.I've only just managed to turn my studio on... I envy your productivity
ID	3	@emilybaranowski congrads on engagement/bridal shower! sounds like fun for upcoming &quot;jump out of the audience&quot;  wd love to join in!
ID	2	That's it! My local coffeeshop has sold me shitty stuff for the last time... I'm quitting!
ID	2	@gustaf_nk Wouldn't call that cool or dangerous. Reckon it fits into the stupid category
ID	3	Happy mother's day to all the mums out there
ID	3	@bobby_rey Nah you do it really gradually with PTFE tape. so goes up 0.1 mm at a time. Ive been doing it for years, I love it!  x
ID	3	@Maggiemelba Good morning hun! I will, promise  Glad you like 'em. Have a lovely day :o)
ID	3	When we got more followers we gonna have a competition.Hope you all look forward !
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day! What are you doing for your Mama today?
ID	3	Headache is gone,thank god!Time for tea i think
ID	3	@sarahhh3 ill call you on my home phone to your home phone    after dinner tho! coz im almost ready to eat, is that ok? xx
ID	3	@JohnBirmingham Yay, so the nekkid writing is working then?You keep warm now! Am in awe of the 6k - am always cactus by 5. Good luck
ID	3	happy mothers day @ my mum  (also to my sis @kamyisonfire and my &quot;mum&quot; jess, ahah)
ID	3	@mneylon I'm doing an experiement
ID	3	some relaxation. so much things on my list... but really not that much
ID	3	Heaos keen for next weekend.        Mummy. &lt;3
ID	3	why do we even live on this earth ?? i wanna live on mars :|
ID	3	@nataliefisher I like the idea of eliminating bludgers and beaters just tackling ppl, makes it nearly as dangerous as book quidditch
ID	2	@PembsDave #wheniwerealad can you explain how that worked? lol  and no rude  explanations pleeezzze
ID	3	@Emmaloid you? hungover? never  I am not hungover &amp; I don't know how. I think it may be my new superpower. Is la Whalen at home? xxx
ID	2	@RealShamu Wow, that is great!! I'll do that!  Sorry for the misunderstanding! And see you soon! Going to Orlando in two days!! )
ID	3	@carocat  13:00 is kickoff. The red cars hopefully
ID	2	@Zanna85 i changed my mind dammit!! a Tsar can change his mind at any time without no prior notice
ID	3	fear crept in but it's already been dismissed. now let me do this thing right, coz this time the feelings are there and it's so different
ID	3	Morning all, finally got to stream media from PC to PS3 via wireless router, much easier than using a USB dongle, ah, techy simplicity.
ID	2	Searching my home for a few things to cook them for dinner this evening. It's mothers day so guess who im eating with
ID	3	@timlichfield alreet chap! Have an awesome time! N congrats on it recent results!
ID	4	Happy mothers day  ugh sick...school tomorrow  watched E!News, keeping up with the kardashians and dreamgirls
ID	3	had a great time celebrating mother's day  to me, being a mom is the best job on earth!
ID	3	@Zanna85 Almost, almost.. Thanks on the &quot;good save&quot; Z!
ID	3	juz donated books/mags 4 charity. Not only do I feel good but it gave me a good workout from all that heavy lifting
ID	3	@camillapierry better than throwing them out
ID	3	last drops of the thesis... God let it end today.
ID	3	@hairrocks happy birthday!
ID	2	watching click, they are talkin about twitter and celebrityTweet  im just gonna get ready for work
ID	3	@CheekyKerri Defo can't wait we will have a nice afternoon and some music
ID	4	@digitalpainted oh mann das ist super lustig  du armer... macs age 2 months, battery charging NO. garantiefall...
ID	4	Home from Whitney's. No sleep. Church in a bit. Dangggg....I'm tired. But it was worth it
ID	3	is playing MYBRUTE!  follow me at: http://yhana09.mybrute.com
ID	3	@insteadofdeath this is really helpful,  you swear a lot, i just realized. haha.
ID	3	@sadknob OK. Happy to hear that you are feeling fine
ID	3	#firefly weekend on SciFi channel  I'm a happy man
ID	3	@pinkdaze Yes! That sounds like a great idea. Message me on LJ about it
ID	3	rt @bact #barcampbkk3 for entertainment at night, bring your favourite mp3s .. there should be a way we can enjoy music together
ID	3	Celebrating mother's day with apple pie
ID	3	HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY LADIES!!! Hope you all have a wonderful day.
ID	2	@davepenny47 Actually, I also thought Mother's Day was May 31st until I was remembered of Pentecost  Uselessly complicated, I would say
ID	3	@cssglobe hahah, you own lab.hr  I own lab.ba, seems that we think in similar ways
ID	3	@halia Smile. Everything worked out.
ID	2	@rustycharm Evening  Yorkshire's warm but overcast. How's NZ? Don't tell me - dark lol
ID	3	[-O] i wish the birthday massacre would come to australia  i think they said they're thinking about it tho.. http://tinyurl.com/p6lfch
ID	2	doing the andy dance  the one on fonzie gomez show ;) haha
ID	3	is freaking exhausted...need to go to bed....gotta get up early YUCK....HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL YOU MOMMIES OUT THERE
ID	3	@JOY949 thanks for promoing the show for me in my absence  Glad you liked it. @sealfur and @flipthetape rock!
ID	3	@Bitchface91 Well im hving another one today yey
ID	3	photomedia ASSIGNMENT! thanku mum for the tea  thanku shower for making me feel clean!
ID	3	Happy Mother's day; God bless you &amp; all mother's worldwide; mother nature...  technology emotion in motion...
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day
ID	3	@irishpixie36 ok Im off to pc world then  x x tweet u later x x lol
ID	3	but no, i really do. long exposures with no tripod, not looking through the viewfinder, unfocusing. its great
ID	2	Whats your name: Adelaide-Marie How old r u: 14 Where Do u live: IN THE WORLD  lol i jk, canada(toronto)
ID	3	is so  just made a card 4 my mom!!   can't wait to see the smile on her face when she see's it!!
ID	2	@wendy_fred6 *shivers with fear*
ID	3	@exhilarating haha, not always, just a 2-day-trip, for a friend. But I've been here some times. That's why I know basic Japanese
ID	2	@ram014  thanks...but what happened?
ID	4	Man i hate church. Has to be done though. I like the way it makes other people feel good
ID	2	thinking about recent job opportunities and hoping to get one! and gettng ready for church
ID	3	@leah_dizon it's a little late but congratulations, leah  happy mothers day!
ID	3	@SensationPT Sensation Ocean of White Portugal: absolutely amazing  Adoreiii!
ID	3	@hernameisnicki is it? :O im gonna get that
ID	4	Heaps keen for next weekend.     Mummy. &lt;3
ID	2	@Puppetguy indeed, we live a life on the edge of things, and one foot foul of the law!!
ID	2	@kateblogs It's never too late - they just need to buck their ideas up and stop being such a bunch of stuffy old reactionaries!
ID	3	Home !! Home @ last !!!!! Time to step outside for some life
ID	3	@Stellar_MC string out the dress.. Work that into a track please!!! What do u have coming up?? I'm ur biggest fan
ID	3	greeting you all a happy mother's day!
ID	3	@idibs oh, a really good 1 dude, thx... added
ID	3	@AkashaTheKitty I've read about those. They're cool. You should definitely get one
ID	4	@renagades Have a great day..... if the rain keeps up I may go swimming instead of dining here
ID	2	@capricorn_one Could use GarageBand though it's probably overkill.
ID	2	Chillingoutnow Just testing how to work Twitter from my phone
ID	3	From Hyderabad Blues 2, on mimicking the American accent: You won't be an ass if you roll your R's.
ID	3	happy mothers day!
ID	3	@HIstapleface answer my really cool questions
ID	3	@Mike_Wesely he he   love it.
ID	2	It takes nearly 2 days to figure out what causes the mic problems at #euruko: Do not hold the mic at the bottom!
ID	2	@chrispringle Luke M here, thanks Ps Chris! Ur husband is pretty cool I reckon! Sorry u were feeling sick and hope you feel better soon!
ID	3	really bored today. just ate a bowl ful of rasberries and grapes, now i'm waiting for my dinner
ID	3	@ascrivner come over to my place for a cup of tea
ID	0	@sophieamy yer, oh that's gay cause u hell need to post more haha so we can talk
ID	1	@sophieamy yer, oh that's gay cause u hell need to post more haha so we can talk
ID	3	@rasga Yep: http://bit.ly/15yyId  We go there for Christmas treats!
ID	4	@Ssisch Hmmm... Sisch &amp; sound design. So when you say soon, you mean weeks
ID	3	CAN'T SLEEP TONIGHT . Oh see ya! Bye
ID	3	@Juniesgurl WOOHOO!!!  My broom isnt up to standards....there is no seatbelt on mine....*whispers*  I like the Swiffer...
ID	3	@Hoopsiscrazy U think web design wld go down well at the International Brotherhood of Magicians? Maybe. The magic was a success at SXSWi!
ID	3	happy mother's day!
ID	3	watching Bolt with my brothers and my mom.
ID	3	happy mother's day everyone
ID	3	Assignment actually looking pretty decent....so glad I changed my topic at the last minute
ID	3	@DebbieFletcher Haha! I'll try that next time he's up north!  Thanks for the tip. xxx
ID	3	thankies  no pictures in yet...but soon!! M'off to wash up love, have a good satdee xx
ID	3	@wossy http://twitpic.com/24mer - i like Mr Piggls I mean Pickles!!
ID	3	@billzucker Thanks for making me laugh
ID	3	@jaredmaine @kennedymaine @johnmaine @patmaine @garrettmaine I LOVE YOU GUYS! get your ass to australia in december for my birthday
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day! It will be a good day
ID	3	http://bit.ly/X7D1c  Spanish Grand Prix 2009  in one hour!
ID	3	instant-messaging with two of my favourite conversation guys
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day! allergies are gay. Oh and I hope Miller has a better day too
ID	3	8:30PM... it has just hit me i have school tomorrow :O ahaha! I'll stay on til 9 i think  Xx
ID	3	on a sunny walk round the lake this morning we met a mother goose and father goose and five baby goslings
ID	3	happy mothers day to all the mothers, grandmothers, furbaby mommies, etc!  heading out for breakfast with my mom shortly
ID	3	Had a great time last night!
ID	3	@harisn I love to Read  And i love Film making
ID	2	tomorrow is going to be sooo awkward &amp; embarassing. lights &amp; sounds last night was awesome
ID	2	@icebergstorm hey! negative on the primatech, this handle's been on the tubes for a decade longer than heroes has
ID	4	@watermelon39 haha! And Twitter! Hard though isn't it?!
ID	3	@HosamKamel Thanks for the follow man
ID	2	@PH7S sure. But be careful also of making statements that we don't do it. Parallel ideas do happen. I've seen it myself.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all my twitter moms (including myself)
ID	3	goooodnight everyone!  and Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers out there.
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the moms out there!
ID	3	@sierrabardot whaatttaatttt! she is a good cook and really creative, silly sierra
ID	3	@dai_bach daps were the best lol
ID	3	@DebbieFletcher haha i will remember that  xx
ID	3	follow my dad @GeorgieBouy he wont have much fabulous2say,but it will make him feel loved
ID	3	@sharlynnx ME TOO! please come online *-* hope you've had an amazing weekend
ID	2	How Do You Sleep - Jesse McCartney
ID	3	BEEN TOWN WITH THE MOTHER  NICE &amp; SUNNNY
ID	3	@JamesHancox LOL or maybe it's the tooth fairy, takes 'em to keep all the kiddys  teeth safe in
ID	3	Gooood party last night (: Although I am extremely tired now. xD Off to bed to lounge around watch tv and sleep all day
ID	3	Wow! Up, coffee in hand and already outside.  So peaceful on Sunday mornings.
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day, Mum.. Love you lots   1 month and 11 days to go.. AND 1 month to go for ma bby  love you Bash
ID	3	THE VIDEO IS FINALLY DONE WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
ID	3	Watched Wolverine yesterday ... a spur of the moment kinda thing. Awesome! So proud that a South African director did that
ID	4	is heading off to the fair
ID	3	the sunset view is SO beautiful from my room!
ID	3	@McMedia Very well thank you! How are you, more importantly?
ID	3	@muffinwomanxo EH! u dont like retro? tisk tisk, what u been upto? ...apart from waxing ur &quot;mustache&quot; lol
ID	3	Anyone knows a site like the Swedish site &quot;sl.se&quot; or the great useful &quot;www.tfl.gov.uk&quot;, but for Liverpool?
ID	3	@Rtib happy birthday
ID	3	@SarahSaner Hey Sarah! Hws u? Hope u remember me
ID	3	@acchanosaurus good luck chan! gue kmrn bawa backpack kosong, quite helping
ID	3	good morning/midday nation!  FORMULA ONE IN ONE HOUR!
ID	3	to my pretty lady @nikkiwoods HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!!! She's the mother of my future son-in-laws
ID	2	@givemestrength bloody Feds, they lost last statement and r hounding me for another one. I dodged them one last week
ID	3	Sitting in Gatwick- going home for a week! cant wait to see family
ID	3	@maynaseric good luck with your auction
ID	3	@McMedia husband is golfing &amp; the Toddler and I shall frolic. Am I the consummate mama in that Im so happy with my day?
ID	3	going to watch boy in the striped pj's hope i don't cry
ID	3	gave the bikes a thorough wash, degrease it and grease it. think i did a really good job!
ID	3	had SUCH and AMAZING time last night, McFly were INCREDIBLE
ID	3	His snoring is so annoying n it keeps me from sleeping (like right now, lol) but I honestly wud miss it if it eva left  I love him.
ID	3	Succesfully following Tayla!!
ID	3	Happy Mothers Day  All my love
ID	3	Happy Mother's Day to all the mommies out there, be you woman or man as long as you're 'momma' to someone this is your day!
ID	3	@niariley WASSUP BEAUTIFUL!!! FOLLOW ME!!  PEEP OUT MY NEW HIT SINGLES WWW.MYSPACE.COM/IPSOHOT I DEF. WAT U IN THE VIDEO!!
ID	3	@mopedronin bullet train from tokyo    the gf and i have been visiting japan since thursday  vacation/sightseeing    gaijin godzilla
